So easy a caveman can do it!
It's good
This app honestly made me uninstall. But the new APK is a masterpiece. The search works now! On top of it. YouTube compatibility. My only complaint is that I'd like to organize things more, remove or add album pics, rearrange things, etc. But I'm not going to bump this great app to a 4 because of a acceptable thing. Keep up with the great work!
I went on the website to download frostwire plus but  now I get less results than when I used this so called basic
Deleted my songs
I can find any song I am looking for! And I can use PowerAmp to listen to my music, instead of the native app.
Great app. Thank you ALL so much.
Once you get the update it shows so much more options
I loved it. It had everything I searched and fast. This Is a great app should download
Gives me all I need.
I can find almost anything I want here!
It is the best music downloader of all the ones that i used .
When I click on movie then download and go to transfers it is not there
I can't download anything from YouTube even though I copied and pasted the proper links
Nice app
I find whatever I need hella fast and reliable. Better than LimeWire ever was. Files never have any type of malware attached, and you can find very high quality stuff easily. Keep up the good work. And the other users - They couldn't run a file sharing service for the life of them. They are complaining about things they clearly know nothing about. But keep up the good work FrostWire. I'm currently using Plus.
Best music downloader around, love it.
Everytime I download songs and go to my song library it has also downloaded a bunch of random songs related to the music I actually meant to download... Pretty annoying to be honest
It said download in background but didn't download I at all
Installed new apk... Worked for a few weeks. Now it doesn't again.
It plays all the music that I what it is so cool and amazing
Ive known frostwire to be a great app now its super slow at finding songs and now it won't let me down load songs pls fix this problem
It's okay I like it but there are small problems because sometimes a song I downloaded from here would randomly play without me hitting play, but other than that I like it.
Best and most reliable torrent Downloader ever, and it has a very sleek menu and it's very easy to find torrents.
Gives me MANY more songs than other apps. THANK YOU
Way better than ttorent and any other fake ass apps
i love it
I liked it but broader range of music would give it 5
Why won't the music save to my sd card. I have the settings switched to sd card but it won't save to it
Don't listen to all the people giving poor reviews. I've never had any problems since downloading the plus version, definitely the most reliable torrent downlader around keep up the good work! :)
Best app ever
Liked it but
No complaints since first discovering this app.
Love it
Does not download all songs I want
Destroyed my sd card and my daughters after we removed the app from our phones. Do not get this app
Last week I downloaded a few songs. I am now being SUED for copyright infringement!
Theres was no needs to up grade this apps now its in its worse stage almost everyone delete it
Can't share files or up load to save for later use to be able to share with other apps now I can't will be deleting no need for this app was good why it lasted   can no longer upload to my Dropbox and when I open the file I'm give to option open or delete that is all
Love it
Love it
I get all favorite music
EVERY SINGLE TIME I PRESSED IT IT SAID'"NOT RESPONDING PLEASE  TRY AGAIN" OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER!!!!!!!!!! IT SUUUUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love frostwire it get all the music I want  cool wow 
It take to long
10 outta 10
Awesome 
If your looking for music its the best
It literally took 5 whole minutes when I searched a song, and then it said retry.
I just love it
Kool
All the music\videos in one app!
This site/app is unresolved. Doesn't search for nothing. And the plus version didn't solve anything, come on really. Shouldn't take 2 minutes for "no results"
It forces to close
I like it, as simple as that.
Awesome all the songs i want plus it actually works
i recomend u to get Zedge
Awesome
So far good but I would like the listen to my music before I download it just so I know for sure that's the right song or if its a song I've never seen before and would like to know what it sounds like before I waste my time on downloading it that's all 
Very cool
Gives you everything you need to know
Half the time the app won't even open, but when it chooses to work its the best app I've found to find all your favorite music
We need you find tube back
This app is amazing  cuz i can listening my music went i no have internet is really good 
IT DOSENT WORK AT ALL IT ALWAYS SAYS LOADING WHEN I HAVE FULL BARS OF WIFI AND WHEN IT FINISHES GUESS WHAT IT SAYS NO RESAULTS
I absolutely love my music and have tried so many music apps. This is the best by far! Keep up the good work guys!
Pls someone fix the app it won't download or  show any results anymore worked amazing in the beginning
This app is a life saver, can find any song Im lookin 4
This is obviously a professionally made app which can legally download free music.   It has a search engine which can handpick out songs/MP3/Torrents/MP4 files.    I would recommend this app to anyone who seeks free music.
It bad but yuh should be able to keep de songs even tho frostwire is uninstalled
It has let me download every music I want the only problem I see in it is that there's loads of different song singers to one song why can't it be just the one singer that actually sings it ?? Other than that I love it thank
Love it!
It's perfect its just that when it loads it takes forever
I can't download a fnaf song
If you don't have servace or an email this is the app for you
It takes two hours to an hour to download one song
I love it :-)
Seriously.  Used this on and off for years. Now you just deleted all my music files. All personal listening.  No breach of contract. Id blacklist you if I could.  this was not unistalled until after I found music files were deleted.  And looking at files it was not sd card.
When you download songs and they go yo frostwire its amazing because you can do everything but the only problem I have is that it is harder to download songs straight from the app you have to download them from somewhere else but I love this app and would totally download it and recommend
Nothing is geting found
Hi
Great songs and quality
It never loads the search results
Takes too long to search up songs
Follow the link on the app and download the one from their website it adds sooo  many more songs! Great app!
It takes a lot of time to download movies and songs but it is the best to download music in this app
Shout out to this company.#SALUTE
It's ok I guess
This is an awesome app. I can not describe it in words.
I love it
Keeps dropping downloads every time i redownload it kicks in a week or less
Slow af!!!
Don't download waist of time
Got the plus version and it is working great!
Would be a five star rating but the videos I download will not play..
Love you
Good to use
I hop this work
It takes forever to find certain artist and then says it can't find them
Works great
Not good piece realy bad  app
Don't have songs I like
Frostwire
So far it has found every song and they are great quality. Works better than any file sharing app I've ever had.
Since the last update I done on this I can't not get any videos to put on my fone that I like to watch this app sucks now new update to put it bk to how it use to be were all videos come up and that and maybe I'll give you a 5 star
I like listening to its songs
Good
I couldnt get on because everytime i try to launch the app on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 it says unfortunately frostwire has stopped
This program messed with my Bluetooth so bad I had to reformat. How do I know it was frostwire? I put every program BUT frostwire back on my phone and my Bluetooth still worked. Thanks a lot. Also this program likes to over ride your default music program. No setting to change that. This program sucks! Avoid this program at all cost.
Best download music app ever for Samsung Galaxy s5 android app. It has every song list you want to download.
I only have 3 songs and I can't download  nothing  I am really  getting  mad
My dad recomends this for me serousely when i really want to download 1D albums (four)...
It was totally better before the update. But now, everytime i open the app, it just crashes.
Good
Its good just a little slow
I Love it ! I've been looking for an app that can download all my songs! It does exactly !!!!
Don't waste your time it force closes all the time
It's good!
Its really good love it get all my favorite songs downloaded
Amazing for all your downloading needs
This app use to work great at first, now it sucks! I can't download most off the songs. It suddenly stoped working! You need to fix it asap!!!!
Google is just ruining the app first they made the company remove YouTube now they must remove soundcloud
Good app
I found most of the songs I searched for. Which is dope.  I love Frostwire
This app is awesome but sometimes it won't download all the music
The only problem I actually have with this app is that sometimes the names are not the same on the downloader as they are in my music player. All the files have worked and, knock on wood, I've had no viruses due to this program. (I was a LimeWire user also). This app is by far the best music downloader I have found, but be warned, they don't always have all the music you want on a tablet or phone. 5 Stars for this app, and I don't hand them out lightly. (I use a tablet that was bought at wal mart.)
This music app is lovely
If Only I can give this no stars I already did! Why? Because I cant download it! My Net Is Fine and it's H+ But???? BUT F.I.O.D! It can't be downloaded! Actually have this app at december but i deleted it because of full storage and now that I'm redownloading it there's nothing happening! I waited 7hours for this. Yes, seriously! But it just stopped at 84% UGH! Don't waste your time for the app! It's not going to be downloaded! &gt;:(
There was not much songs
Lovely
Love frostwire
It's shit it ain't get the right songs I want fuck this shit this is garbage
Well it use to be a good app now. It's crap and doesn't work
Never failed me once
Yea
It's very slow, and it doesn't download all of the songs I want if to, I give up on frostwire. Such a waste of space.
You
Used once and worked then searched 5 other songs and it just keeps searching nothing comes up....what a waste
Please make it more faster to download a movie because its really takes forever!
Adscs
Omg best app 
After downloading this app on my phone and tablet, both devices were noticeably slower and glitchy.
I uninstalled this program by accident and when I installed it again tonight it made my phone freeze.  On three occasions I tried running it and I had to restart my phone each time...I do not know what you guys did to this app but i do not want it on my phone anymore
This app is coolim glad I have it
Whenever I delete the app its deletes the music and I downloaded off my phone
I loved it
It says its downloaded and when I play it it won't play don't use this app!!
The best..!!!
Hella sucky
Its a great app I see there r little problems in it but no ones perfect devises mess up so to the ppl who complain make ur own downloader or stop complaining and move on
Best app
Opened it and lost all cell service. Forced stop and retried... Same thing, couldn't find anything.
I've been using this for a while, but since maybe a few days ago whenever I try to search for a song, nothing will load no matter how long I wait.
I downloaded this app to my phone.  I downloaded 2 songs from the app.  A few days later, I received a notice from my internet provider that I had violated a copyright law and my internet was blocked.  5 songs were downloaded through my internet that I didn't download.  This is a serious of fence and can result in penalties and prison.  I am so disappointed in frostwire.  I have used them in the past and loved the service.  Not anymore....
It doesn't have many torrents to chose from and then when I download something, it doesn't open ( UPDATE ONE MONTH LATER: IT DOESN'T DOWNLOAD IN ONE OF THE NEWEST ANDROID KERNEL VERSION KIT KAT 4.4.4, BUT GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR PHONE. Update: it works perfect on my laptop, but does not work on my xiaomi mi 4. This phone is one of the best on the market. It is 3 times better than the new iPhone 6. With 3 gb of ram it blows the new iPhone out of the water with the iPhones puny 1 gb of ram. Ram, not ROM.
I had like 3 songs and downloaded a few more and it won't let me listen to them it makes my tablet really laggy please fix and I will rate 5 stars.
Worst app ever.  Every song i downloaded was only 5 seconds long or the karoko version.  Waste of time. Worst music app ive ever downloaded.
Sooooo a some
Now I can download straight on to my phone!!
Cool
The app just said  not responding
It takes literally 2 days to load
It was very good yall people don't know how To use the app right because it works fine for a lot of people
Its an awesome app!!!
After all update very few choices come up and very random results too?
Don't listen to dose idiots with crapy phones this works perfectly I can download whatever song I want
Awsome
I like it.
Its good bit for the fact i can download
Worked for a while then didn't then worked and didn't ......would love it and download it again if bugs are worked out ....and even tho its a torrent PLEASE KEEP OTHER PEOPLE REGEA MUST MIX ON THERE ...ITS DUMB
It's alright been gettin harder to find downloadable torrents though
Deff use bruh, thnx
Force closes as soon as I open it on my Asus tablet but usually works on my phone
for some reason icoulnot download nothing .I follow the frostwire guidelines but still no results.Instead contacting frostwire I'd inot lost hope,but I sharp my head and I give cretid to the Lord who gave me the idea to download also the application BitTorrent from playstore.Now guys works good like never before 100%results.I give5stars to the Lord and also 5 star to frostwire Im using Tmobil WiFi 4GLTE -100%Hapy because in my case with frostwire plus and BiTorren together works super fine -Thanks frostwire
Dope!!! Cx
It takes a long time to search my music
Hand Picked Torrents!!!!!!!
The only reason y I still have this app is because I'm scared if I delete it, it might delete the music I previously downloaded on it. In otha words, the app sucks 
Complete  waste of data. Sucks up your gigs then says error. Total waste of money. Beware .. 0 stars
I did not think it would work
I love this app beacuse you don't need internet to lisen to music 
Not pleased. Doesn't successfully download anything.
Sick
Horrible!
Freakin awesome...need a lil faster speed but hey nothings perfect...so this is next to it...
At first i could download tones and now can't pull nothing it keeps thinking and won't pull anything up......... .. delete
, It Was A Great App . I Think Many More People Would Love This App & Its Fast !  
It downloads songs you don't even choose and I can't play most of the songs on my other players
Absolutely disgusted with this app, got a data usage warning on my phone and saw in 6 DAYS it used 680mb of my data even though i didnt download anything or use it!! I dont even know what it downloaded!! And reason for not using it was for how limited the search results were. Avoid this heap of s**t app like the plague. Have to wait a whole month now for my data to reset, lucky i caught it in time.
Nothing will load
I shows you the song you looked up but didn't give you the right one.
Read and followed what Frostwire said I should do to get the update and enable downloading again. I can't search anything until I did it.
I installed it and after a couple days the songs that I downloaded does not work any more......
When I type up a video they say they can't find it because I looked up who is Ariana grande even though I knew who she was and this stupid app couldn't find it get this fix
Just loaded and loaded and loaded and shuts down
Tried downloading greenday albums but it just doesn't download.
good
to my samsung phone if i download this it will say error downloading but its my memory card is 16 gb
I dowloaded the apk and my YouTube searches are coming back up again this app has gotten it's rating back for me !!! Every song I want back on YouTube I can now download
Awesome every time, and great updates
Chunk
Some of songs that i want to download , they only stay there without progresing
Try. It out
Its great for downloading music but playing it can sometimes its a problem...
This sucks now that you can't download stuff from YouTube.We want YouTube we want YouTube!!!!!!!!!
I don't even have this app downloaded anymore and it still plays automatically , like I blamed my sister once , and I saw that it plays for no reason , and nobody even wanna listen to music
Works great first try. Will recommend
This is so stupid been looking for music apps thought this was going to be great but sucks
Barely got any songs from it
Follow their instagram page @FrostWireOfficial
Sucked when I couldn't download from YouTube but since the fix it's just as awesome as it always has been. I can just about find any song I search for and for free.
Good app
It never works and always crash it only has covers
Once free it stuck
DJ
It use to be my favorite, i just got an Samsung sg6 and stopped working..
Sucks
exellent search engine. but how do i transfer musics to my sd card? there were no choices in settings then storage. please help! reply please!
So far my phone has had no issues with this app and I can get way more songs than some of my other apps
Its a good app but its slow sometimes
The app Was  until they removed the youtube videos off . Only download this app if you use Sound Cloud other then that all the sounds will be remixed it's so annoying! !
This app was great at first but when I updated, it began to frequently give no results. it sucks now and its very annoying.
2 thumbd up
Get it!!!
Where's fetty wap-again
Excellent app!! After I installed update, it's been smooth sailing since.
Great
Most people don't like this app because they don't know how to use the app. Then agian they don't know how to use their own phone fully
Its a great app I think but it doesn't have all the songs im looking for. I like that you don't have to re-download your songs, they appear there when you look at your songs. It would be a lot better if it had the songs I was looking for
One little download, and it's done.  Painless.
Xo
Its really awesome
Great place to get music
My nigga
I loved it
Great
Coulddnt find some of the songs i searched
Great if the apk. Is downloaded
Love it
Really good app. The best I can find.
At first I think that it would be a totally waste of time downloading these app. But when I tried to download album from it, I was amazed by its performance. Keep it up guys. I will try to download a full lenght movie from it. And I hope there will be a good result.
The app doesn't open anymore?I'm fed up with this.
This app sucks I seen better apps for music downloading.
But sometimes it doesn't show search I should rate five if you fixed it and made it faster.
Much better with the Plus version. Would have gave it 5 stars but still too many covers and remixes thanks for the explanation
If you download more than 3 songs at a time will put extra song and/videos -_-
My download stops halfway and then it says ERROR. I have enough space on my phone. I'm on mobile data since I lack WiFi connection. It was working before I don't know why its not working now. Please fix.
Record
Freezing my phone
It doesn't load the song you look up
Good app for downloading music, but I noticed my phone ran a lot slower and seemed like it got a couple viruses.
It downloads all the albums that I ever need
Love this app
This app sucks... I just lost my music sending my phone for repairs and now it won't let me download any of the music I had before... Even stuff I used frostwire to download... Don't waste your time with this app
Can't get most songs I want music paradise is much better
Like it
Download all of the song I want
Worked great for a month, now NOTHING AT ALL will download. It just says error.
I can get all my favorite music downloads at my finger tips
It's really cool i like
Great app. Greetings from Sibiu, Romania.
Works just great!
I have found songs on this app more that any other app I have used
Can't find one song or it won't download
Ive always love frostwire but now since updateing it..  it's doesn't fine any of the songs that I put in the search I really hate it now and that sucks
Won't load don't waste your time downloading this stupid app
Why are you guys jerks
Has always worked for me on every device I owned. Currently on samunh note edge. For best experience download the other version on their website. Love this app
love love
Can't even find a single song..
Cool
Some of the some I looked for ain't there
Won't trust it.
It is pathetic. Don't download worst app ever
I works at first and then when you want to search a song of doesnt pop up
When I type in the title there it is it is just a little slow
Follow their instructions and you will not find a better music Downloader anywhere!!!!
I click to download a music torrent and confirm I want to download it and nothing shows in my transfers.  Kind of sad I've been using this program on pc since like 06'-07'
Good for offline use
love it so much there aint any music app better
U just need to be a lil tech savy in order to make it work
It uses up ur internet to download,  but music won't play if the app isn't open.  If u un install play list is unavailable. .
The best music downloader
Love this app
Asss
For about 4 months I've been using it but suddenly it stopped working and won't load please fix and I'll give 5 stars
It sucks. I search for a music and its loading for like few minutes. And then: nothing showes up.
I don't know what to say.
Now that i played with my settings and read your info on what happened to the youtube option it's all good now thank you for the response. Now im going to do some happy  downloading :)
This app was fine at first not chooses to pause my music randomly and turns the volume down its very annoying wail cleaning to stop clean my hands and turn in back on and turn in back up
Not bad really but it stop..I don't know what's going on..I just used it!!!!
I had all music downloads saved to sd card and I got a new phone but not all the music is there
Can't download any music, even deleted google chrome and installed Mozilla Firefox, still can't download. If not fixed soon, I will delete and never use/recommend again!
This is the Best app ever. Nothing like it.
Love the app! I just don't like when I uninstall it , all the songs I downloaded from the app deletes as well .
Seem to have stopped working I used to love this App
Once I got it working right on Android, it worked well. Better than iTunes! It's easy to figure out on Android if you're not an idiot. 5 star
fix some glitches and it'll be perfect. also, if it is possible, i hope you remove some audios that are fan made or only recordings. its hard to identify which is which.
All the songs are on this app :)
V great
Are you guys gonna put limewire up 2?
Let me know what happened.... To this app now....cause it use to b good.
This is realy good but they need to download a bit faster
Its nice I luv it
always crashes upon launching
Good
It was amazing at first I would download a song and it would have the artist and every song in that albums in order it was like amazing but then old day I get a call from my mom then at&t and my mom saying that I've been downloading music illegally and I've only download from this app so yeah
i got to download all music perfectly fine
Free from idleness. ...
Ok
Been using this app  about a year now and it just stopped working
Love it, this found songs that other music down loaders couldn't
If you type in the right words, you'll get great results! Already gotten three full albums in first attempts!
..
Im using a samsung galaxy s6 edge and i love the results!
Every time I tried to download a song it would either give me multiple songs I didn't want that didn't work, or it would give me the music video. This app sucks.
Can find basically every song I want but for some reason the songs sometimes dissappear from my music library and I can't listen to them but they reappear later.
Every since the YouTube was taken I can't find any songs.
Not what I expected
Dope.
U can't get some songs y
It looks up certain songs that u ain't looking for .
Froze my phone made my phone run very slow and glitchey until I deleted app
When u put a well know artist in it says try again like it doesn't recognize who the person is this app use to be so good now it sucks
I've tried many other apps with no luck. This one was by far the best. I've gotten over 300 songs from this app, and just downloaded the YouTube extintion today. It made it even better!
Now all it says is loading
Apk download worked, real simple. Thanks again.
Doesn't even load and I have full Wi-Fi connection.
If updated and is faster 5 stars but great app guess nothing Is perfect
Ur amzballs
I like it
I don't mind it, have been able to find the music I have been looking for. So far, so good.
WORST DOWNLOADED APP EVERRR
Nothing better than this! With apk download I find everything!!!!!
When I installed it it worked great, I could find every song I wanted but after a while it stopped even loading the possibilities to download. I tried re-installing it twice, but didn't work. Was dissapointed.
After getting frostwire plus update I was able to get unlimited music..thanks
I found one song that I liked.... One... It wouldn't even give me results for the other ones. Completely disappointed.
You can't be specific with this app for some odd reason. I owned it on my htc one and or was great but on my s6 it won't find anything. For example, I wanted to download lamb of god, laid to rest. That search brought no results, however; keying in lamb of god got me results but it was every song by lamb of god including a bunch of religious stuff. So, I tried keying in laid to rest, same problem. I got a bunch of songs called laid to rest by a billion people...fix...
I use to love frostwire.. but now it kinda of sucks.. it use to download from YouTube.. now all I get is stupid soundcloud downloads and no song I search for pops up and now I try to download the apk app and it's not compatible with my phone.. I'm jus upset about the whole thing
It worked at first then started stopping almost as soon as I opened the app.
I've been using Frostwire for a while now, and I've been able to find and download about 98% of songs that I've searched for. I love this app and will continue to use it as my go to music downloader!
It sucks
Best music downloader ever
I got about 15 songs and all of a sudden it doesn't want to load a single song.... I really don't want to delete please fix..
Y
Now that I actually understand how the app works, I'm in love. Since my phone is deactivated and only works on WiFi, this is perfect! It plays the music you download offline AND you can put your favorite albums on your home screen! Perfect!
U have to get it people.... Sometimes u won't get what u want, but when u do, it the real deal.!!!!!
dont bother going to com shop
Music  downloads
Awesome
Won't look up and songs. Slow as hell and quality such a was of time and space on my phone
This app has the new R5 songs ive been searching for.downloading so many music downloaders and couldn't find.they should have more apps like these
Worst app EVER!!! This has problems! Hate the new update! Pls return it like what it used to be pls. I have hard times of finding  a new music downloader, pls fix this
it literally just wont download. it downloads for a few minutes then stops and sometimes doesnt even add the download to the transfers like
It sucked. Wouldn't load anything
Very good app but i get mad when i cant find certain songs frostwire should have every song ever heard be downloadable but its an outstanding app for music
So i decided to uninstall it.
Songs do not show up on search engine. The ones that do don't even download. Waste of space and time.
Love it
Its alright but not that cool
Good app have used it to make ringtones for my phone it is great
AWE'some
....but I can't find a few artists, such as Juliet Simms,  Bea Miller ....
It's pretty good, but whenever I tried to open a particular app it opened Frostwire instead which was pretty annoying. Also, the songs I downloaded would cut out and skip to the next one after about 30 seconds.
I love the music
I've used this app for over a year and I get a new phone and the app doesn't even work anymore.  I'm very disappointed...
I think it's awesome that the app responds to a review for the user having issues. 5 stars!
Probably the best free music downloader on Android has every song or artist I want to listen to everything is free and it worked without WiFi which is a plus for me no more paying $1.50 for just one song I can get it for free I love this app!!!
It's not that good of an app
Some of the song i can't download but some songs work
Found a rare song in wonderful quality. Thank you, Frostwire!
I use it all the time on my s5 and it is great. I always find the song I'm looking for, download is quick, and it's free. The support service answers all questions and is very convenient.
Its everything
I searched something and it just never charge
It downloads random songs that you don't choose and it delete songs you don't want delete  and it doesn't have half the songs you want
I did not have storage problems until I downloaded the app. And I've only have three songs. Also are you guys recording my phone conversation, I keep having past conversation come up in my frostwire audio files its not happened anywhere else in my phone and its never happened before but if it happens again I'm uninstalling because that is invasion of privacy.
Stuipedly uninstalled it n now it's not downloading plz y boohoo
It's not keying me download full songs and it keeps deleting all my songs so hope u can fix it
Your too big for my phone and I'm worried about deleting the cache, why is it so big, I barely searched.
It worked for a while but this new update sucks !
So I would look up a song and it would not come up but it would have the music video pictures all that I didn't need I could look up a movie and be abel to download it
Please Fix this problem!!!
U
Great music app.
Used to work fine. Now your searches yields no results
Good
I've been looking for a good app that u can download music for years!
After countless downloads frostwire is still #1! Keep up the good work!
To be honest this is the worst music app I downloaded 2 music's in that trash and it only said about 3 to 5 words
I cant find anything i want ...this app if a peice of sh*t
Especially since getting YouTube search engine back in
Little slow but is ok
Not work
Finally some music on phone
You can't test the songs before downloading
Every time I tried to open it it would close itself  and say sorry frostwire has stopped working
Its  perfect
Love it
Suck release sucks
So easy just tap and it goes in your pre installed song app
Awesome app
It's nice...I'm just worried about legal issues if I download a bunch of movies...I would hate to be arrested or sued...especially if they traced me...so I am unsure
I cant download songs. its unresponding
Works great
Recently started using it..so far so good
la peor chingadera k pude aver bajado  no encuentra la musica
WHAT THE HECK IS THIS
This app sucks.
I love it
Find all the songs I want.....no trouble downloading and dowloads fast !
Although it freezes alot
It actually works
I saw some good reviews about this app and I tried it out. It showed me all the songs I looked up and it downloaded it pretty quickly. I didn't give it 5 stars because the bar at the top is kind of confusing.... But over all, it was great!
It may not have all the songs I want but I love the fact I can play the songs offline as well as online good job guys x x x
Sadly, took a while to load up.
You can't preview music and the only reason why it's not copyrighted is because they put numbers in the name so it's not technically the name of the song plus there's half songs, who wants to listen to half of a song.
I have a question about this app... when I download an album or song its perfectly fine but the when I play the song it'll stop I the middle or at the beginning or randomly it's annoying and frustrating can you tell me how to fix this or give me some suggestions? Thanks.
I got this app on my last phone and my favorite song was 10minutes but the only problem was my favorite song was a virus that broke my phone
This app Is great love it
Results are minimal and far from what you want
It runs down my data so quick
Amazing
When ever my mom says she wants a to see a moive I just say no need to go to the store and spend $25 just download it on frost wire and (depending on your wifi) it could be done in about 3-5 minutes. I love this app. Its been the my favorite app sense 2009. Same way with songs. Just a lot faster. Like 30 seconds and its done
Great app
Minor issues with loading Youtube videos but keeps you updated well
I can't listen to anything before downloading the song? How do I know I am getting the right version?
Every song I looked up could not be found.
I love it ... Its a very good app with all kinds of music with today's hits
Downloads are crisp clean and easy to find
I liked it before but now it takes forever to find a song.
You can't even listen to the song before you download it.. And most of the songs as bootleg
This use to be my favorite app now it works only the first 2 minutes, after that no matter what you type in it just contiues searching. Very disappointed, nothing like it use to be. Would rate better if issue was resolved. I have a Sprint Galaxy Note 3
Great app
Worthless
Okay so I downloaded this from the actual website so I could have my youtube search bit now every time I try to get something new it says error...
Love it so eazy
Yeah that's about it 
0000000000000000000000
Its ok to work with. But there are some songs you can't find. Not a lot of pop ads. Over all the app isn't that bad.
It won't even load anymore it used to be so good....
Awesome
Its full of crap that only crappy,"get out ma hood", people would listen to. I swear to god i only got one single song out of seventy that i, and by the looks of some people searching the same things, wanted. What in the hell is this apps problem. Im furious by only getting one out seventy! SEVENTY! The hell ate you people doing shoving crap into peoples ears! Holy crap!
Its amazing it works so perfectly I love this app
This app is the best love it..everything song I need it shows  up... Awesome app.
This app sucks it has crazy pop ups so DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!!
Great app, if u want free music then I recommend this
So garbage need to go back to the old one
I Love this app
I love this app. As always any upgrades are fine with me, but to find the neccessary ones are far and few between!
This app actually finds the song want but it take lots of memory on your phone
I love this app. It is an amazing way to download music tht u want. I just started using frost and i love it already
Nice
Does this app have full songs it only lets me download like 26 seconds
This app let's you search and download almost any file. Used it for a school project tons of help
Couldn't find any music!
This sucks now
I've been finally finding songs that I couldn't find
This app is crap I doesn't load and its waste of time
I am in love with this app. I truly hope it doesn't change for the worst like others I've used. I wish I could rate higher
Crashes a lot
I enjoy it
Just sucks period.
the app continues to play songs after i close it out
I used this app before the new update now I can't find the selection I used to find and download speeds suck I waited 10 min to have only 5% loaded........ Need to add an option where you can sample the song before downloading it most of the songs are cover songs or remixes so basically I'm downloading and deleting multiple songs
U can not lisson to the songs after u down load if u don't have wifi it sucks
Tried to download and it keeps pulling a previous download. Worst music app ever
Best app ever. Thats from brothers-in-law p.i . Mann
can't get any songs!
I ain't gonna lie, if I need it, I got it!
Having problem finding music I need
Can't find some artists, songs, etc...
I like it . i can find any song i want but right now its trippin and not loading. Fix it thooo. But other than that its great
This app has all the songs and very fast to download
Awesome
Great!!
Probably the best app if you're looking to download music. It has practically everything. Also, the developers actually care about the app so they always answer to questions and problems you have. Great.
I wait a long time just for it to say its not found
You can find just about every song you can think of
I like it except the fact that I upgraded my sd card and never uninstalled frostwire and it deleted all my music.                               Now the problem is it won't download anything. It searched but doesnt start downloading. Ever since the last update.
Your info is helpful u get 5 stars thank u so much for the information i will go to the website from my cell to see what it does
I was able to find ever song that i wanted
I have been looking on so many apps for one song and none have it so I've deleted 3at least today. We will c if this one gets me anywhere
i turned of the 3g in setting so it doesnt take ma data balance but still it did so and sucked up 500mb..nevet happened before bt happened now
I liked the app for music. But something is always running on the app. I couldn't figure out why my battery life was disappearing so rapidly. I checked my battery usage and frostwire had used 31% which is far more than anything else was using. It's a great app but I'm not a fan of constant phone charging. I have a HTC one max and it normally has excellent battery life.
Don't even waste your time
I've been searching for HOURS to find a decent music downloader, and I finally found one!! I CRIED because this one actually works!! THANKYOU.
Very good at getting new songs but every couple days I have to re-install due to freezing of app
Love frost wire
When you search music it doesn't take long and, it's better than the other apps i used. I'll spread this app so everyone can use it .
Garbage. Terrible app
OMG love it
Isn't finding any song I look for, ANY! Stupid and needs to be fixed. Everytime I search for a song, it says it can't find it or try another key word. Stupid as f***.
It's an ok app. Sometimes. Usally, when I search for music it gives me suggestions and so because i'm lazy I click on it but then it says error and it gives me more suggestions and when I click on them again it says error. I don't know if it's just me. 
I tried to download 0 to 100 and every one that came up was 30 seconds long. I want the whole song
Couldn't find not one song I really wanted this app sucks
This is dope
Can't find ANY MUSIC!!!  Not pulling up anything at all.
Cool
Sad used to be a good app now it does nothing and plays nothing don't know what happened but app is horrible
I downloaded many songs, then all the sudden it doesn't show the complete list of songs.
Found SOME of the songs I wanted... YouTube search is a big search engine that should definitely be on FrostWire.
The search engine is very slow everywhere! !! I also have searched a lot of songs and artists the search engine didn't find the songs. I searched popular songs like : Animals Martin Garrix or David Guetta or Katie Parry or Rihana etc... NONE WHERE FOUND...... PLS FIX
this is the only app that give you the best sources...
Best Mp3 Download ever
......
Great!!!
It's the best
it doesn't load songs. at first it was fine then after I downloaded three songs it just stopped working. and there are ALOT of covers. and you can't preview the song before you download it. try gtunes that's a good music download app 
It take too long to search for a song.suck
I was just listening to my music and the next thing I know everything was gone! I didnt even accidentally press anything ! !!!!
It great download any song you want and it take out the cussing for you
Real good
Download is app is good for you
Takes a lot of phone space
The songs you do find that you look for end up being 12 seconds long and along with that, for each song you download. 3-5 random ones download with it.
Its really bad, I try and search literally ANYTHING and it doesn't work, shame on you. Shame . I demand a lawyer, and I am not kidding 
Liked  it so much
I like this but sometimes it won't load when I try to search for songs
Yassss
Recommend to anyone. Reliable. Promp when I submitted a question and they told me what to try.
The homie swag got the jams
Is frostwire plus also free ? I downloaded and it didn't say anything about paying but it said something about extra charges so I don't really know. Can you please let me know
I can use it without WiFi and anywhere I go
Even after the new update I still can't download some music videos I search for. please fix frostwire
Instead of bad comments you should have good comment for this app cause i've been using this for 3 years and 3 months but i di'dnt have any problem... Great job
Its rly good
Guys, you have to install FireFox and download Frostwire on there to have YouTube.
This app was particularly slow with me. Some songs it didn't have which irritated me and sometimes it would just not search at all. Maybe it was just my phone. I don't know.
Can search up any song
I can't download any more videos
Great app
Don't know what I would do with no music..
This app is not really working it is stupid and wont let me download anything and sometimes doesnt even have the latest songs u need to fix this
If you want to download new music, it simply isn't available.
Takes long to download
It started out great and got a lot of music I wanted, however now it's starting to not even completely download the song or just download the title. Also, now it's gotten to where I'll go to search for something, and it just stays on the loading page and I've stayed on it for about five minutes at one time, and still loading...I enjoyed the app until I started running into all of these issues.
I've been trying to download songs for the past week and it won't even bring them up . When I kmow they have it  ... please fix
Best app
This app sucks it takes way to long to look up a song  look up a song not download but look
Could someone please say what might be the issue? I've sent several error reports as well. Please fix!
Music
Not worth downloading... does not want to load and is really really slow
I restarted my phone and all the music i downloaded was gone.
app will not open after last update, every time i try open the app now it shows "frostwire" then just force closes, ive uninstalled and re installed and still same issue
I love it
Don't like this app very well it doesn't have any of the artist I type in like  Jeremy Camp William Matthews only one I was able to find was Casting Crowns needs to be updated and I can only download two of Casting Crowns songs very disappointed
It keeps saying its haves stopped
Impressive. That was cool. Nice app..
Good app download outside of play store
It doesn't have Any results for the music i want and i tried different songs.
I Accidentally Deleted The App And Now All My Music Is Gone .
It will download the songs but wont let you play them and  slows down your phone would gice zero stars if possible
I type in song and it pulls up name of song before I'm finished typing it. Then it want pull up song it just keeps searching and searching with no results. I can't find a music downloader for my phone. I have an LG L3
I can't even download the app.
Let me download all my songs without problems..
But kinfa messy
Terrible app
It maybe a little slow and not all the time it has Every new song but I am very satisfied with it I would rate it as a 7 outta 10
i admit i hated it, at first, because there were no video diaries of the lads, and i can't watch them :( But it's good! Keep it up!
When I first downloaded it says it is not working and it has stopped working!!!!!
It was great at first but now it just shuts the whole phone down
What you need is a update where you never stop  download as many songs as you what
It was not fast enough fix it plz and I will get it again
THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE I BEEN USING THIS APP OVER A YEAR I CANT FIND ANYTHING CAN YOU PLEASE FIX IT THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Of all the downloaders this is the only one that works
Sometimes stop but finds all my music 
Somehow I don't know how my frostwire did not respond for no reason but before this was ok...pls fix this and a 5 star... :)
Just cant find the song i want like i used to before i did an update.
Why can't  you listen to the music before downlaoding..need to hear what I'm loading on my phone..beside that ,it's an ok app.
I really  like this app its great!!! Im asking for to much but if we could choose from you tube or kat to download without having to scroll through  so many others would be love in return! !!!!!!!!! Thxz
5 stars
Outstanding balance
Love this app! I just can't get this update to work, I've followed instructions and still can't get my phone to open the file. I wanna still use this app.
The app is very slow when u are loading up the song or artist
Always works
                     ..
UGH IT DOESNT EVEN DESERVE 1 STAR
Its ok
It is awesome
Awesome
Very good
Bs
Great music app got me albums of lil herb
Best app
Nice and fast music downloader
Lov it!!!
Works well
I liked a lot until the most recent update screwed everything up... And they dont have youtube anymore.... And it keeps stopping and won't even open!
Love love love it
I love this app but it would be so much better if you could preview the songs
I like turtles
Clear instructions on how to update and efficient layout. :)
Has everything you could ever ask for.
I have tried so many apps and this one have finally found the song I needed thank you I hope I can use this for now on!!!
Don't know why it takes so long to search the music. I just gave up on searching..
Love it the best
Up until the past 2 months I was able to download music. So I cant download anything!!! WHAT HAPPENED?????
Every time I put my favorite song in it does not have it 
Great app best out there for getting all my music and music videos anything media related up to date with new music and updates keep up great work
It's like on laptop want up date to 6.1 so want find the songs I'm looking for
Great app I can lission to full album all day and night
App won't open it says unfortunately frostwire stopped working ,please help
Waste of time. Doesnt load what you want. crap
It is not downloading right
Awesome
Really good at first but then deleted all my music! Don't download.
The original version is good but if you really want everything you are looking for in free music then download the pro version that isn't on the Google play market!
I can find all music!
Tgis shit awesom
This past few monthes I've been able to barley find anything when I search and now I can't even get any results and its not my wifi.plz help other than that I love the app
Love it
Can't preview any of the songs before downloading to make sure its the right song that I'm looking for. Doesn't have any other bands or groups I'm looking for also.
My favorite app, glad it's working again  I am one happy camper.
no problems anymore
Downloads music pretty fast with wifi.
Love this app
Once you have it you'll be asking yourself "why did I wait so long to check it out?" Best Out There... (donate some bucks...they deserve it!)
Greatest music playing sharing organizing  and downloading app in play store. The coding is so elegant that my cpu doesnt even take a hit when it is in use. I love it thank you frostwire
Dont get it plz takes lots of space and once u unistall it your music u download on it would be gone
Couldn't download and of the music that I wanted to get and it took long time to load
This freaking is driving me crazy!!!!
Fast,accurate and free. Love it,no problems here,all the ppl with negative comments are wrong. Don't listen to them. Thanks:)
Best I've found to
Some of the songs aren't what I think they are when I download them, but there are plenty of other choices. The app works great for me!
Idk if its even downloading... It says it is but 10 minutes later and its still "downloading"
At first I was loving the app finding what I wanted (rnb music) then all of a sudden I can't find the songs I want n the app doesn't recognise local music or artists can't find one Jamaican song or artist as soon as I find a more reliable app I'm uninstalling.
I TRIED TO GET TERRARIA AND GOT NOTING!!!!
After I got the update with Firefox it was working great .and now it is doing the same thing as before what's happening??
i can't download anymore please please... 
Downloaded the upgrade as suggested and it's better than ever. Very pleased!
Can't find any songs I want and lots of the songs I download don't even end up working.
I've been using frost wire for a while and after all these updates I can't find anything
It doesn't have a lot of original songs of music and it would be nice for us  to be able to add an album cover
Good look
But now it keeps saying unfortunately it has closed and I had a lot of music on it and time put in it ide hate to change apps and download something else please fix it and ile be happy to change my rating
Those ppl that disagree with the app are losers yous probably don't know how to work it
Frostwire is a great app that exceeded my expectations I highly rate and recommend it.
Yesss
The app just keeps searching forever.  Uninstalled.
You can find every song you need with this app. But I really recommend downloading the .apk files from their website as they suggest. If you don't do this you will have a hard time trying to download music. 3 things you'll need to have: ES file Explorer, the .apk file from their website and to turn on your unknown sources from your settings. Easy! 
Love this app!!! I can find all of my favorite jams right here!!!!
Just seemed to work when it wanted
Not enough songs that I like
Love this you can download whole diskologies and get all of an artist's albums al at one my only problem is there's no back ground download as soon as my screan lock turns on or I use another app the downloading just stop please fix this and I will give 5 stars
The process of downloading downloading my songs I want takes about an hour to complete but the songs play very well.
Love it able to download all my old school music as well as new.
It doesnt have the greatest sound but still has the latest music
I love this app
search will not load anything
Tried downloading album wouldn't download tried contacting frostwire they tried fobing me off over all crap before i had problems with there search fobbed me of again unistalled rather go with spotify and pay 10 pound a week never come back to this app i would give zero stars
Excellent music app out of all ive tried this is the most dependable
Its pretty bad
Why do allow downloads if your going to take the dam songs back.ever song I down loaded disappeared when I uninstall your app
Has most of the new songs I want but lags every now once in a while than will freeze my phone so I have to restart it..
Its awesome! Love it so much nice work
I can't even download a song. Pls try to fix this.
Its work for me before but now unfortunately frostwire has stoppes!!!
I can't find it when I open the menu for my apps, I thought I was crazy but it's literally not showing up...  I'm not sure if it's my phone or the app but as far as I'm concerned I can see all apps except for this one
Its a good app
Works Good No Problems Issued..
Won't work at all it sucks
Been looking for a good app FOREVER and this one works amazing extremely satisfied
If I could give it negative 0 stars I would. It would not let me search for any artist or any songs, at all.
Some downLoads won't load use it a lot but need to work quicker
I hate it sooooo much
Great
It is awesome
I've used this for years and everything was working good but for some reason now everything I try to download will just end up saying "error" so it won't download any music...can this be fix...I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 btw idk if it's cause of my phone or not
The results were totally off topic of what I wanted which was the song dont wait by joey gracaffa and it had none
It was great the first couple of weeks I had it. Then it made my phone really slow and deleted half of my songs. I tried getting them back but it wouldn't let me. Plus it doesn't  work sometimes
That's the best app for download the musics and videos. I love that
To many problems.
Can't find songs all of  a sudden it just stopped working and I tried to  update  it but does not work
Got Firefox and downloaded plus version which is quite remarkably better than the Google version. Found some very hard to find oldies which took me down memory lane. Thank you!!!
Bittorent doesn't seem to work on my phone, this is better anyway, to be honest. Would it be possible to implement a feature that allows the choosing of files to download? Love your app though x
Its cool
Very useful. Discography, Single track and albums are easy to download.
This no work in my phone
All music is on sd card but still making my phone drag. Used on multiple phones for years an only app to cause dragging
Looked for my band, got 10k songs that weren't the band. So I looked for the song and surprise,  surprise 10k songs that wasnt my song. Can you say " uninstall"
When I search for songs it either never loads and just stays buffering for life. Then the more popular bands I listen to don't even show up either I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong. Am I supposed to do something different than just typing the artist name in the box&lt;---PREVIOUS POST. Wow after posting this shortly after Frostwire emailed me and helped me fix the problem. Now the app works twice as fast and you get so many results it's fantastic great job.
I love it because I can get my on music
Would be a 5 star but can't seem to download the music to my sd card on my galaxy s3
I was looking for back it up and I found a different thing so I had to ask my friend to send it to me. If u write back it up - Jennifer Lopez  it tells me try another keyword. I will give five stars if I see an improve
I was looking for problem Ariana Grande and iggy azalea and it gave me the video and lyrics I typed audio but it still gave me video I had to let my sis send I to me it pised me of
Lol
Does not let me move on from the setting up page and Its Getting annoying if fixed will rate better!
Good
N
Before i download it its very amazing all that i need a video its in the frostwire then one day i opened in the app and theres no more video anymore and i said why ? This is the very good app but today its not good anymore
It is cool
So good to me
First time looking up a video it wouldn't finish searching and the second time the keyboard wouldn't even pop up. App doesn't work and now I can't open the chrome app anymore bc I tried going to the support page. Maybe it works for other phones but for me, my phone is kinda useless now lmao thanks
Everytime I search something, I never get a responce and im mad they took youtube off of one of the search choices. Frostwire how can I transform from the basic version to get to youtube?
This is a quick and easy way to download stuffs..... Frostwire is just to gud!!!!! don't get bothered wid people who give negative comments on this app...... they are just stupid idiots......best torrent downloader....
And I have no problem
This really sucked.. wouldn't let me download anything
Good
There's a space for improvement but still a amazing app and the best part is that it's free :D
I love this app you can find songs that's not on iTunes Store or anywhere Else thank you!
This is fabulous as awesome
Love it but been having problems that i dont love!
Found all the songs I was looking for. Thank you.  Very good app. 
Love it
Im  in love with it!!!!
Every time i try to download a song it takes me to the download list but there is no songs in any of the folders! I guarantee you that ther is nothing wrong with my phone so please get it fixed
I want to try first before I comment
Like this app, it won't let you get the new music though. Fix that please other then that it's great!
Super good and has my full support..
It won't let me search no music please fix immediately
When I listen to Pandora or my playlist, frostwire app will start playing my downloaded music and inturrupt my songs.
Very good downloader!  Nice selection when paired with youtube and others!  GQ.....
Its actually works if i were you i would download it rn
Awesome
I've been having this app for over a year now and at 1st it was working wonderfull but up to the last couple months, it does not find any songs i want and it takes forever to load.
Just awesome it has everything i havent found a song it doesnt have yet
I hate you can't listen to the music first before you download it
I forgot I had this my son reminded me, I 1st used it 6 yrs ago, hopefully it's still good
No search results every time fix it and five stars all day
Good I have to be spicific to search thoe its a great app still
SUCKS
This app is the best app for music.. I tried everything there is .. even pay apps and there is none not even close to this one.. with the new update u cant find all you songs, but I downloaded the appk (on firefox)and is working just like before. Love iiit
Waste of time
It need to do YouTube videos
Oh so love that app.
Can't download my music videos no more like before
It was great up until recently, nothing will download. I have installed everything but I still get nothing.
Love it
Is the best music download that works I love it
Great app. Couldn't have asked for anything better.
Not working in my tab !
I'm a metal fan  so its usually harder to find certain bands or songs because its mostly about pop.So I like how I get covers of songs by other bands but I couldn't find on band I really like called Down and Dirty.That sucked.Also something that trips me out is I wanna know how long I have to wait to get a song that recently came out.Because a song called Monster Ball by Butcher Babies came out a few days ago and it's not there, but Slayer did too and it almost automatically added.... So thats something. :/
Something"s wrong,...  Will not download anything.
Hmm
Gives me everything I ever wanted in a music downloader READ! TIP if you want to download strait from YouTube go to the share button in the top right corner of the video. Then it should give u the option to copy to clip board. Copy and the past in the frost wire search box, and it should bring up the exact video ;)
But still good enough
I had this app in my old phone and it was the best app I ever had and I just downloaded in my new phone and I'm what's wrong with it now is just like a piece of s***
Excellent app
Great
Works great on my samsung Galaxy. Lets me download music videos as well as song.
Its alright some times its to slow and always giving me the bootleg or remix version  i wish it would qive me the real song without me haveing to stroll all the way to the bottem without it even being there will give 5 when its fixed please fix @frostwire
One star says a lot
Love it
Cool app
Too bad it doesn't work anymore, it was a good app when I could download from YouTube so easily. I prefer not to download any apps that are not from Google Play directly.
Downloaded a song and it gave me the whole album, when I just wanted one song. Also dowloaded the images of the album snd not the song. Otherwise very awesome app
Works great thank you very much for this.
GOOD APP DOWNLOADS FAST! but isnt this illigial...?
It has all the new songs if seen so far 
If you had the app and got music its a bother, but this is not frostwire. uninstall a.s.a.p. you will be very disappointed.
Could be a little better a bit laggy
Meeee
Worked well for the first few songs downloaded, but the app was downloading random songs I never even wanted. The app tried luring me to download another version, with the YouTube aspect but it didn't download right.  This app is junk
BEST APP !
Awsome app has lots of music
This is awsone!
It's good, the only thing I can complain about is that sometimes it takes an absurd amount of time to load
I tried downloading but it kept saying that it can't find anything. I've searched 29 songs and it couldn't find anything!!!! Plz fix.Really want it to work
good downlond but no have sound on movie, why ?
I love this app!!!!
It use to wok sooo good! But now every time i open it. The screen stays black n it shuts down. Ughh! I use to love this app. I reset my phone n installed the app again.  HELP
Shity app
On WiFi still way to slow
Cant preview the songs.
Does the job.
I realy like it
Great
Its great, although I can't download songs anymore, it just says "error"
Its soooo good!! I love it!! My search for a nice app finishes here!
Music
Awesome app!
Now if it works like it did before it was great
Best music downloader ever!!...
This is the best app
This app is not the best but it does what I want it to do so I'm cool with it.
At first I started liking it cuz it downloaded most of my songs but then I started searching them and they wouldn't show up soo I recommend getting mp3 downloaded its so much better than this $#!T
Ok before I really loved this app then it got a little glitchy, so I deleted it then went to go check my Playlist and all my songs were gone, so I re-download and I tried to search up a guy who is only on YouTube and he is not there anymore. So I'm guessing u guys don't let us download anything anymore witch kind of sucks.  So until I can download "Iniquity Rhymes's" songs again, I'm not redownloading. Bro seriously  I type up youtube downloader to find another app, and this pops up, you guys don't support
Won't load
Download it . It has any kind of music
Awesome!!!!!!!
I broke my phone and got a new one. I finally found my songs in frost wire and I had to download each one to my new phone one by one. So I was going into my WiFi sharing setting. I stupidly updated it bc I thought I might be able to download them back all at once. Nope. WiFi sharing isn't even an option now.????????
Every time I  download something and then try to open it it says sorry don't know how to OPEN THIS FILE!!!!!!! How does that even make sense?!
I think it is a good app
I can't find anything anymore after the update.. Very disappointed.. Please help..
Very good app. It has almost every song I've searched for
Great app
It was okay at first, I found all the songs I was looking for, but then 2 days later my Wi-Fi got shut off for downloading music illegally (pirating)
I love this app its really good
I got this app and it had a lot of music choices to download now it really doesn't
It was awesome
The  search engines take to long can't find half to my music
Todo very good!!
I tried to look up a song and it shows no results. I downloaded the apk but that doesn't even help. To everyone looking at this and wanting to download it, don't bother. It's a waste of time
I've been using this app for a while and I know that I can always rely on it, though, it would be a lot more convenient if Wi-Fi sharing was brought back onto the app. It was a much easier way to transport the music from my laptop onto my phone. That is the only concern that I have but hopefully you guys will take it into consideration. Thank you very much and keep up the hard work!
Best ever!!!
Every time when I open this app and it takes forever to load. Sometimes it comes up with a message not responding. Please fix this app.
Only problem is it needs to be updated in an annoying way for my phone, otherwise the YouTube downloader fails.
No music, no nothing.
It worked.
Cool
Terrible
Works excellently on my Nexus 5.Thanks a lot.
When you first get it it will let you dowlaod but then when you dowlaod more then 10 song s it will say this is not avalible.i hated it . I deleted it .no i have mp3 dowlader  pro BEST
I can find all kinds for free
DON'T I MEAN DON'T GET IT
Had it on p.c. years ago and loved it. Just searched 3 songs from the clash and got spinning wheel of death for minutes. No bueno !
Its gives me what i need the most and its music
Yo
Kull
It sucks
I've always used this app, but I just recently got a new phone and the app will open but will not let me search for what I want. I went in settings and chose YouTube and Soundcloud, but whenever I search with those two specifically nothing ever comes up.
Works OK than it stops can't find songs and it gets very annoying
When I am looking for a song I want to download, it is always a fake version of the song made by some unknown artist. Please don't allow copyright.
Awesome
It was great! Until I updated it and now I can't find any music.
Why is that, after i updated the app, the application did not open,. It says that, unfortunately frostwire has stopped.
I used frost and lime for years. I downloaded to my android and now I'm upset because there are no songs to really choose from which sucks. I go new and old and things that were here before but it's not there now. hopefully the update will help in anyway possible before making the big uninstall.
Love it
It  keep stoping at 85%
Luv luv luv
Like
I love this app
Too slow to download it takes 30-50 minutes to download. My wifi have a great connection
Sd card downloads stopped working suddenly.
When I searched a song it sayed no results found so I tried to seach a song that i had searched for when it was working and it still didn't work (I had full wifi btw)
I just hate how there is barley any real versions
On installing update it has been crashing n unable to start even after uninstalling!!
I've been using this app for a good while n today I really wanted to download something now it's not working....so sad
Won't even open
It's essentially a good music Downloader, especially for full album torrents, hover whenever I go to download a new torrent, it erases over half of my old ones, forcing me to redownload them as well,  which can take a very long time.
I would rate a 4.5 because all of the fall out boy American beauty/ American Phsyco slower than they are
Its very slow and i can't find good songs on it
I got this when it first came out, then you could find anything and everyhing, now it almost impossible to find the music you want. I mean you can find it if you want the crappy versions. Would be better if they brought it back to its original  format where it would even search youtube for you to download music from there.
I Rocemmend it Somebody
Do not download this app. It wiped out most of my music which I had downloaded from other sources.
I don't get the songs I ask for, and the results are so little
Thanks
I can find all kind of music.love this app
It cooo9ooool
This thing put a whole music video n mi gallery
Hope you like it because I did
Would be better if you could still download from youtube. Very upsetting. Used to be one of my favorite apps 
Worst app ever
The phone APP seems to return fewer results compared to the PC version. This is really annoying since they should both be the same and you can't find what you want.
An organisation attempted to ruin this app but it's the only one I need. There is no better. Believe me I've looked!
Good
Can't download anything!!
Its good you can find most of the songs you want and for most u get an album cover which u change if you want, it doesn't work on mine but it might on others. The only really bad thing is sometimes you can only find remakes or remixes of songs and not the original but its still good.
Cant even download a song without finding you now downloaded the remix
It has amazing songs, downloads the songs fast, but it takes a while to search for the song.
Works great
Didnt have all the songs i wanted
Wont download for me but it downloaded on my phone
I've been yousing this app for 1 year and its amazing
Thanks, wasn't paying attention to the notice on the app thanks for the response
I can't find a couple songs bit other than that it's awesome
As soon as I open it, it closes.
Great app, love to death
Brilliant and easy to use, has some bugs
Nice app
Thank you so much to make this app I am so happy with this app . I really love this app .
Some of the things I am looking for aren't there, so therefore I give it 4 stars
I used this app on another phone it was good but played a bit of games wit me when downloading something.
Good
Awesome got all songs i need in no time..simple nd easy...great app
This app is cool download show hear and there.  perfect on the go or at home.
I tried multiple ways to help with all the problems but it just won't work
Nice one..
Doesn't find the music I'm searching up.
K
I can't download the song called "Z E R O" by "Varsity Fanclub" and it's driving me crazy!!!
I love frostwire and the selection that it had mp4 for the best part and sometime mp3 and as long as you don't get the home made movies
It's illegal got charged.              Jk it doesn't have enough song tho.
Can you add this song please:  dont -bryson tiller
When I search it takes forever please fix it
It seems that after uninstalling the app won't download back fix this asap
love it
Cool using it bout 2-3 weeks
I used to love Frostwire, but since YouTube has been removed as a torrent it has been difficult to download and find the music I want. So this app is not useful anymore for me.
After downloading the version outside of Google Play Store I'm back to the good old Frostwire I used to know and love. The link is there as soon as you open the app.
This app won't open
I hate this
Lots of dj screw songs i can't find and some of the older jams too but its alright if you trying to get recent released songs
I like it but it does not have all the artist i like it only has some
It works. If u have an eye for relative file size, decent Internet conn, and want to take the time to pick thru the bs, then it works real well. Exactly as promised. Years ago, the desktop version was fraught with viruses. Not so with the android. Have ben using about a year w no issues whatsoever.
I love it:))
Works perfect for me
I type in a song to search and nothing ever comes up
Been using frost for about 2 years now. Love it, but one thing I noticed, when I'm on the PC version and search for something, I got a lot more results compared to the phone version? Besides that, great job guys!
It keeps crashing on my phone, please fix
Love it
Love it!
Frostwire
When I first got this app I was able to download music to my mp3 player like nothing now after whatever has happened I have to keep downloading useless browsers that are not allowing me download anything... also lost YouTube option these used to be a great site guess I have to try to find me another one
why this app. cant found new songs.
Warren millado
Too much of a hassle couldn't find not even one song I wanted tried the whole other thing for YouTube and what not and still have problems I can't open the file. It was great before, but like always it never lasts.
Very nice!!!
Superb...the only thing that I can't download is applications... But everything is awesome!!!! Keep it up
I can't search anything. Literally type in the song and just keeps searching with no results. It's been "searching" for two hours on my phone now so there's not much point to it.
Please let us play the song first before we download it. There's no way for us to verify if this is a particular song that we are looking for.
It is ok
Pretty disappointed in frostwire lately downloaded a movie and it stuff my whole phone I couldn't do anything on in so I had to restore my phone its Like it had a virus in the movie, so don't think I be downloading of frostwire now :/
Won't load anything I'm searching for very annoying
Well this froze on me when i got on the app so pleas fix
Hahaha
Hhh
It ok
I dont understand if i should store in the phone.s memory or on the external card. I dont want to loose my music.
Wonderful app about a year ago. Then Google cried and they had to stop YouTube downloads. The frostwire personnel worked hard at finding a way around Google. This is still the best music app out there just do your research. Thank you frostwire in keeping our freedom!!!! 5 stars all day everyday!!!!!
Now it wont download any music
Love it !!! Great app... recommend to everyone
It loads so slow, it took an hour before the results popped up.
I love it but it does not work good
Love it
(:
Finally got the updated version  of the app . Now I can download all my favorite gospel music from YouTube and all my other favorites. Thank you
I loved this app
Why can i find my songs any time i look up a song it only has remixes 
No music at all comes up use it on my laptop and love it. Not on my phone.
Doesnt even work
can't hear song before downloading it ugh
It doesn't have most of the songs I wanted. Other than that, amazing! Fix that one issue please.
Wont let me download from chrome and the playstore version sucks
Frost wire is not what it used to be. I am very disappointed.
I like the app but I am very disappointed that the app is downloading music without my permission and taking up space on my phone!!! Otherwise great app but please fix
11/10 :D
My first problem was fixed but now the app wont open wtf... to many bugs, come on guys as the only real app for downloading music step ur game up
Cannot download songs on samsung galaxy note 4. Can't listen or preview song before trying to download it.
I LOVE IT!! Finally an app that gets me the right songs I've wanted !!
It won't download it still won't download
Great
I want to listen to music by the real artists  or remix by him/her... Not some bull crap that some nobody uploaded of themselves
It should have way more music available!
Doesn't open
06/27/15
Uhm. Good
But you don't know if the song is what you are looking for until you get it and also it does not always have the songs you want
Too slow
It doesn't want to open after the update
Loved it.. sucks now :(
This is what im talking about
Literally useful for life.
Use to my my fav but slow and its not finding the music I want
this app Is the only music app I like
U cant really look for the music u want Like Silento Watch me and it messes up your device and deletes all the music u have
Love how fast the new update is
Best app ever you can download music and videos love it
U can't listen to the music dat u wnt to download 
It's worth it
Now this time too many troubleshooting
Even though i've downloaded frostwire+(plus) from the site, i still don't have youtube search results to download original music, and not covers from other search results which arent even good music to listen..well im quite disappointed, hope changes will be done soon!
Had to reset my phone to factory
Constantly searching. Never pulls up anything. Horrible app!
Work really well
So far so good i love it, im finding it all here
I'm downloading songs and they won't play until the end, in fact only the beginning plays then they intertwine with each other and the next song is playing. What is the problem?
Good
Awesome music downloads
Ok but sometime takes too long to load
Great on my tablet but sucks on my fone n I have an lg g3....
Sllllloooooow!
When i open it ,it always say unfortunately frostwire has stopped..
It was good but now it just sucks i dont know i cat get any of the songs i want
I haven't had an issue yet.
Idk
Frostwire used to work for downloading songs, but, now whenever I try to find a song it takes so long...and comes up as no results on every artist or song title I type in...It now Sucks. Please Fix and ill change my rate :)
Sucks
It takes a long time to find results and also half of the time it can't find any, even with wi-fi on
I like the app and the variety of music but when I deleted it all my songs weren't there so I have to re download all of my songs that I downloaded.
Can't find songs like I used to. Y'all going downhill. All u have are mostly SoundCloud remixes.
Love it runs slow sometimes but I blame that on my out dated phone. Great app
I love this app I get a lit if nightcore music and its on here
Frostwire sucks now that youtube downloads is not available. It's Not worth keeping on my phone any more, it's a waste of space on my phone any ways.
Only found this app accidentally and am I glad I did. Now on the transfer page I don't see the point of having All, Downloading and completed. As the page always opens in "All". If you close the app but not exit and then reopen from the icon doesn't open where left off.
It stopped working on my acer tablet...one moment it was fine then the next it wasn't...but while it was working it was great
Turn up
I dont like it becuase i tried to search up somg and it wouldnt search it up so yea good bye
It use to work but now it fuc*ing sucks won't download any songs don't download the app
Great app I've been looking for an app where I can download music and I found it. FrostWire is a great app if your looking to get music for free. Must download!
I have always liked frostwire but now, everytime I try to search up a specific song.,. it says "no results found" orr.,. it just keeps loading and it really irritates me.
I've been getting the "no results" issue too, I went to go in today and saw the thing saying how to fix it, so I clicked on it, and it litterally brought me back here.
Well I can't get to download the original songs . I don't like it .
Best music downloader
Absolutely love this app, truly the best music downloading app by far! Very happy 
I used to use this app all the time but then it started getting viruses on my  phone I had to delete it so I'm not feeling this app anymore
Stupid app
It loads Slow. Its Not searching for The Song I want To download.
I have used several music download apps, and Frostwire is by far the best.  As long as you are using the app from their website, you will almost always find and download the songs you're looking for quickly and easily.  I love Frostwire!
I love this app I can get all the music I want and like.
The best torrent downloader hands down
Then I turn on the frostwire it looks like everything is OK but then i write songs name shows me only runnig circle and nothink more... Plese fix it :)
I don't have a lot of experience with galaxies and the music download so of someone could help me out that'd be great
thankyou for this! :*
I had it on my phone for a while and it was great. But now my searches don't come up with the songs and stuff that I'm looking for. I used soundcloud and YouTube torrents the most and I can never get those anymore
Nothing worked  deleted  1st  day
It slow with search but downloads fast
It worked but now it sucks
Very good
Downloaded films and when they finished downloading the app went off saying frostwire has unfortunately stopped. I go back on the app and the films I've downloaded aren't there anymore. I've downloaded songs and the app stops when the songs have downloaded. Again the songs are no longer there when I go back on the app
C'mon it doesnt download some movies what happend?? Very disapionted
It was alright
Nothing. At all. I was able to walk away and make myself dinner and come back to see that the app had still not loaded results and was loading. I really love this app and I use it frequently so I really hope someone can fix this.
Perfect
Doesn't find everything need more nd better results
Frostwire is freaking awesome. It's super reliable as long as you keep up with messages and updates. It should continue to work amazing!
Cool awesome luv it
It searches fast and downloads fast
Did not want to load my searches at all
I really like the song energy drink by virtual riot but it doesn't have it on there :(
THE BEST APP I EVER DOWNLOADED ON THE ANDROID AND PC
It's used the be great. But now not so much. Very disappointing
Its no good anymore can't get anything off of youtube!!!!
But it makes my phone run reallllyy slow while its happening. I actually use an older phone now so it doesn't ruin my new phone.
I normally use when got WiFi connection, speed is amazing no problems whatsoever. Excellent job:)
Was the best music app ever but I recently went from a note 3 to S5 active and it just keeps thinking and never shows your search, would give 5 stars if not for this recent issue !
Won't search for the right song and kept kiking me out
Mostly Its Other Prople Rapping
Every time I tried too open the app it said "Unfortunately Frost Wire has stopped"
Download to my samung galaxy 5 and the app did not work at first then when it did, the pop up adds are really annoying. Also gave me a virus
Week
Great app
WONDERFUL
I have never been so pleased
You Can't download music
Its great for music but when I save it to my sd card it still takes up room on my internal storage
I love this app it gats every thing i search up! P.S. Anyone who has or can download Mozilla Firefox can get the free Frostwire Plus app it gets YouTube results too and it loads faster!    I love this app i can even download movies!
Samsung s5was easy to use, until the update. Popular songs unable to  locate. When I finally found it.  Downloading use to be fast  now it's sluggish. Even while on WiFi. Was much faster u until  updating. Not worth it. Should of read the  comments before I  wasted my time. Uninstalling. Will probably get the same response.  Please send us an email @ support or contact us. Blah blah blah, never again
Workes amingly for me I give 5 stars
This version is better downloading it again on firefox browser because its not having google be fun police and making it hard to get the songs you want. Ive just got the frostwire plus for free! On firefox and im happy again ive got the songs i was looking for and not stupid remixes that were well merh lol
Anytime I restart my phone, it deletes my songs. I get tired of redownloading my songs.
Once I downloaded the Frostwire plus the search worked excellent
Love this app has every song I like so far
I tried to download my first sing and waited like 20 minutes and nothing. It couldn't even load 1 song
Download  Aptoide And Then Go To  FrostWires Website UpGrade Choose Aptoide Welcome Both Best Apps
Doesn't run in the background very well and keeps disconnecting. Pretty cool otherwise
This app was working well for me until now..every time I try to Download a song it just appears on the transfer page but won't download or do anything under a perfectly fine 4G connection
Can never find music!
Takes way to long to search for a song.
I use to love this app ..now it won't let me download ANYTHING
But freez allot
Finally an app with music I can identify!!
I downloaded the app and i search the artist and when i press download it does nothing
Easy to use. Find everything I'm looking for. No issues or problems. Keep up the good work.
Nothing comes up in search
I own this before , its great
I really loved the app but only one problem for me.. It is adding songs that don't fully play and I didn't download
I'm having issues finding a good amount of songs
needs to have some YouTube songs and download faster but good.
Aight
It only works for certain phones not all androids
Ive always liked frostwire and finally decided to get the app on my cell phone which is a samsung galaxy s3... and i hate to say it but its the worst app I've ever had on a phone.... sure the muaic co tent downloads but when you go to view it more then half of the files are empty and take up the space of full songs.... this seriously needs to be fixed... this is not the only type of phone this issue is on.... please make some changes...
I downloaded this on my last phone, and I had to wipe my data because it downloaded a virus.  I wish I never downloaded this app, and hope others don't!
Love love love
It was great at first but now i cant even find any good songs.
No thanks
Very slow app
Good
It has absolutely none of the,songs I looked up
It didn't  search the Christian music I wanted to find .
This app is AMAZING
Get Frostwire Plus. It's free, and a lot better than the standard edition. Props to Frostwire on telling me about this.
Requires to many permissions that are absolutely unnecessary.
Get it.
Aaahhhh
Thanks for the fix--I'm back to getting everything :)
has all the songs i want!!! :)
I've been with frost wire ever since lime wire and since then they have never let me down I always get the music I want with no hassle thank you frost wire keep her going!!
searches take way too long
It stopped working   I used to find all the songs I wanted, but now every time I search almost nothing comes out fix it please!!
I use it on my laptop and I love it but for mobile it has gotten progressively disappointing. I understand the need to comply with Google Play rules (I'm fine with that) but the fact that they took away the wi-fi sharing for mobile angers me. I don't know about other users BUT I SURE AS HELL USED IT FREQUENTLY! It always worked for me. I don't know what I'll use now for music on the go. Obviously I cannot take my laptop everywhere with me. Please rethink this last update.
FrostWire
I love it and all but it just takes to long to search the dong but it downloads really fast
I love it
I love it
Every time I try to find a certain song, it doesn't load
Love it
Needs improvement
Frostwire
Downloads very fast but it takes a while to load the songs. It doesn't have every single song I search, but it has newer songs. Sometimes downloads album cover with the song
It finds music fine but it also makes your whole phone run slow like it contains a virus.
I hardly get any search results and when I do its not even what I was looking for!
Absolutely love it
ITS IGHT BUT SPOTIFY BETTER
I been trying to download the app for at least 30 minutes .No luck yet
Easy, reliable, consistent
I always find the music i want
Its a awsome app it just takes to long to download :/ but yes it has all of the songs i wanted.
I tried to download a song and it wouldn't it didn't even know who meek mills is like the hell
I've had frostwire for years now. I've tried everyone else and no body beats frostwire!
I love ds. App. All of my favorite songs are now in my playlist! Tnx. To developer
Love it! Quick downloader with artist art huge 
Its good it takes a good minute to search songs ive olny had 1 or 2 here an there that won't download but that mite b of wired connection but u guys did good alot better than music maniac id give you guys 5 stars if you could make searching Little bit faster
This has so much music for me
How Can I listen to the music b4 I decide if I want to download that music?
Sucks now wish it never updated!
Whats wrong with updated version its not working when i open app its shows UNFORTUNATELY FROSTWIRE STOPPED WORKING do something i want this app its awesome previous version was nice
It's alright... However, I don't like how it's not downloaded into my phone!
I use frostwire to get all my music it searches kinda slow but downloads really fast. Overall good.
Its fast searching and fast at downloading! Its a pretty awesome app that I will recommend
cant download on my phone
Love the app and the engine. Lets me get a lot of movies and music. And if it's not showing up, i just give it time and patience and i usually get that result sooner or later. Thx!
Love this app no problems what so ever
i love it i download my favorite song
If you want a remix of a classic, or a remix of a remix. Look no further...This is garbage and you know you're the dumpster. Shame on you.
Doesn't find any songs i like!!
When I try to search something it takes forever for the songs to pop up but other than that everything is good
Love it works great sometimes slow but still love it
Its a cool app has almost every song you can think of including the exact same ones from YouTube
It suddenly stops working.. Hoping you'll fix this
The app launches while I'm on the Internet and doesn't go away. Very frustrating.
ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE... It downloaded full albums and deleted multiple songs off my phone. I'm very upset. Don't use its an awful app
yeah love it
I search for music and nothing.. I have the galaxy s5. Man why update this app when it was so perfect. I feel lost now I don't know what to do about this.
I've always used this app for all my androids works perfect. all my music I look for is here and downloads in seconds.
Its doesn't bring up all the song
Thanks 4 app
Couldn't find any of my songs
Its a really nice app but when you delete the app all of the things you got off of it gets deleted too.
Its fast but also slow
Great job loved it Best of the Best. 5 Stars all the Way...
Awesome!
Thanks
I get all the songs i want it acts up somtimes but still the best
Cool app
It doesn't work at all its horrible
Can it download youtube videos? I want a app that downloads yt  videos if this doesn't  then do you know any that  do.
When I download music it deletes it
Horrible and don't waste your time
I have used frostwire for a very long time now, initially on my pc. The results used to be amazing, I could get even the most random songs. Sadly I have seen this app go completely downhill. I completely understand why they have had to comply with Google plus rules and that they two would prefer to be able to reinstate YouTube & soundcloud results. I have tried on many occasions to download frostwire plus as advised, however, it just won't work on my phone. It states "file cannot be rendered". Sorry guys.
Revised review.Having been advised to download the "Plus" version by the Devs i will now give it 4 stars as searching gives far greater results with this version. Only thing missing for me is the ability to listen to the track BEFORE downloading,then I'll give it 5 stars. Thankyou.
My wi-fi is top notch but when I search for music it's takes about eleven minutes to find one source. On the other hand the download speed is amazing!!
I liked that the download goes so fast but sometimes it doesn't have the songs I want. It would be 5 stars if it did.
Best Music Critic Ever!
About 200 songs and now all I have is 30 something. It was great when i first got it.
Want let me listen to it before I download a song only gives me the option to to download then I can listen to it
very very love it
I hate it how that frostwire got rid of downloading music from youtube, and latly I wasnt able to download thing from sound cloud, have they removed that to?!?!?!
It won't let me download anything. It will take me to the transfer page and nothing is on there and nothing is downloading
Wicked
this is a decent app but all i can find is covers
Best app for movies&music
Good
Didn't find half the music I wanted
Sucks
Greta app but it needs a better search system, when I go to download legal fully binding legal music I often get covers and terrible clones or recordings. This would increase functionality and overall user experience
Only downloader thar worked for me
Finding all the songs I love and many I'd forgotten.... all in one app!
So cool and easy to use :) Thanks for this!
It did nothing
Really good
All of my issues from before have been solved. 80% of the problems were my doing.. So sorry for the 3 star previous rate. Great app! Nothing like it.
I used to loved this apps but why it load so slow and frezzy
The only way I get to access music that I love and find online. No viruses. No disturbing adds. Just music. Love this app.
I used to love this app I've been using for quite some years now I used to be able to punch in anything names of DJs mix CDs anything but now since the update nothing it used to be able to pull up YouTube SoundCloud this update really sucks all of my friends used to ask me where you get all these fabulous Mix on your phone and I would always tell th sometimes the first way was the best way to believe it or not but every app designer is constantly updating, fixing something that wasn't even broke and you mes
Doesn't have YouTube anymore...sucks and can't find any songs
There's no better music downloader on the market better than this one, i give it 5 stars!
Love It
Love it
Had every song I looked for. It's definitely the best music app on this store.
When I downloaded a song it wouldn't be the original even if it said original song. I would end up with remixes
I loved it!!!
Tons
Great
I like it. I don't like that it doesn't give you suggestions and the fact you don't get to preview the songs before you download.
Absolutely best app yet for music...  So far. Hope it stays that way
The best
Its good cuz its my old mp3 maybe and last option.
Able to get most of the old songs that I love , you do need to download the plus from frostwire site, this is a great app.
This is the only app I can download music off of because the rest of them are wack and dont work
This app is amazing the only thing that could make it better is letting me listen to music before I download it. This app is outstanding tho telling everyone about it!
My name is Jeff and I turned 21bout a week ago
Works very well!
Thanks frostwire now i can download cool songs again thank you so much for fixing my downloading problem and for that i give you 5stars keep it up guys
It Always Have A Problem Loading It Takes Forever To Download
This is a great app
Great so far
I used to love this app than the music  stopped downloading all I ever get is error.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app many times from the frost wire site and it worked for a day or two than I get the same error message.  Can u please help me I would love to continue to use the app
Every song which i want to download is already in this app i will give it five stars bcoz its unlimited free & i never saw this type of application before
98% of the songs I've searched aren't in there and the ones that are aren't the original songs, it's something somebody remixed. Not satisfied at all:(
Cool
It's really a woo m
So super simple
I find most of what I want, but I had to upgrade to frostwire plus.
Get the apk package worth it
how can i download twerk it like miley ? i cant find it
It stopped working
Love it.
It just take awhile to download a song
have a conteniueng apps ever
Won't open now...don't know wtf is happening..... Update???
nice disigen
Download speed is fast, only problem is doesn't show results on YouTube url... Still it's the best
Now I can't download from youtube. This was my favorite app.
It's so easy to search download with high quality output. I got all the music I want with the hassle. Great. Keep up the good work. I hope you will offer us 320kbps quality sound
AMAZING
Love ittt;  best music downloader .
Its not as good as it once was
It very good app and its very fast
Love it! But most music isn't made right song by the artist it's a different singer, it doesn't download most of the music you choose. . .
Best downloading torrent
It always pauses when I try and download some music
Cool
Best
thanks KAT
The app is OK but I don't understand it so I would not download it
Why can I not find any app that has even the most mediocre of music libraries? This is crazy. Stupid.
Sometimes it works all right but a lot of times I will click on a song and it won't do anything. It just won't download. Either that or when I search something it just buffers
Slow
Un able to use the app on a yoga 13 pro tablet
It's great just want to know how to listen to the music or view the video before I download
Lost half my songs on last update
If you love movies and music. This is the app to have.
I love this app but wish you could get it on apple
No  YouTube
Recommended for every one
You can download music, videos and images for free the best part is u can download movies for free its the best app!!!!!!!
This app is the best in able to download any song or video with no problems.
Im only 9
Lots to choose from.
Frostwire is a good music downloader but it would be better for us to have the ability to listen to the music before downloading it.
I was just frustrated because I have tried so many downloaders. And thanks for the explanation. It still has good songs.
Ok
It is so good
Love this app
Awesome hope it works
If it doesn't work I'll just uninstall
This truly is a great app but what would make it truly amazing  ( well at least for me ) is to have the ability to listen to the track before you download to make sure it's what you want.
Nice
Great app
I don't know if it's my phone or what, but every time I open the app now, its stops working and closes. PLEASE fix this, as I use the app ALL THE TIME
Suckkllkkks!!!!!!!!
Best app in the hole world! Trust me its an awesome app!
I can download music and videos it's all good in the hood 
Its okay but it's always not reponding , and I'm always using this in downloading music, it's my favorite app so please fix this, please I really need it
It is great when getting music but for some reason after it updated I can't get on all it says it stopped working
Very good app, 9 Times Out Of 10 You'll Find The Song You're Searching For
It let's me download  some songs not all the songs most of my songs I won't.
When I search up songs it says it dont exist and yes i have the wifi on and still no songs
work perfectly but to long to wait to finish my download.
Just wasting my time.it takes forever to download a song,its so slow...Sucks
It didnt work at all and it dident even have any songs on it 
Terrible, its slow, has no good music and won't load, I'd give it zero stars if I could, waist if time!!
Removed all valid search engines. Pass this download
I looked for music and it shows me the title but then It says try other titles no results for what you typed
has a problem says the song is there but it really  isn't. other than  that  it's great
Better  than  the  other  app
Can never find what you are looking for...songs appear that don't coincide with search.
Deez nutz
It knows what I'm talkn about but it won't appear just buffer and buffer and buffer so I'm lookn for something else
Very nice
The last update removed wifi sharing which rendered this ap useless. The pc version of FrostWire is the only one that gets the versions of songs you're looking for and the wifi sharing allows you to transfer songs from pc to phone without the inconvenience of connecting your phone to the pc. I will be uninstalling this ap today.
So amazing.. love so many songs.. great
Y
I cannot find songs in Spanish that I love, it also does not allow to preview the songs
Doesn't work
It has all the songs I'm looking for
Seems to work great!
Please update so I can download more remixs and latest music
Turtle loader! :(
It sucks that's it
GUDOLDSOUL
It will get you your files but it take up a lot of storage on your device
If I could give this app a negative star,I would..the songs I try to download isn't there.
It's nice I downloaded a lot of music love download it u won't be mad u did it
love this app!! this is the only app that help me find my favorite songs!!!
Need option to change port
Its junk now that its updated it won't pop up the stuff from YouTube anymore
I recommend it
It actually has most of the songs I've been looking for. I can't find them on other music apps. Also, very good audio quality.
Would be nice to hear the song 1st prior to downloading only to find it's not the right song.
I Have look for many songs and they dont appear. Dont download
d .t
Was good till youtube dropped, now everthing takes way to long to load... not good
This is the only app that let's me download music!! Other apps suck :( I finally have something to listen to instead of crappy covers! c:
It is nice and easy to download music
It works
I will never get app EVER AGAIN
Best downloader then the rest
So far this is the best that I've come across
Muey muey bueno
Slow
I hate the fact that you have to download the YouTube converter over and over again. It's annoying but overall the apps great and I've found all my songs. So far so good.
I just got it and this is the best one yet of course it downloads a lil to slow for me but I love it
why does this app keep letting me download a movie then when i try to download another it either deletes the one that is done or both ?!
Always works great.
I have no use for this now
This is the best music app ever!!!!!
Had to delete it sucks!!!!
Takes to long to load the music
Its good it works, but sometimes I have to click download lots of times for it to actually start downloading, and there songs messing that I would love to download, please add them
Doesn't come out the song I want 
Too many remixes! Other than that, it's ok
It download great even tho it say download Fail. Maybe a glich but still good
Just updated it and crash every time I open
Gotta have it
10 star. I think that this app and I are inseparable. Don't hate it because it's changing. Changes are good. And I'm contented of what Frostwire is giving. Best app for me.. 
Awesome for downloading music :-)
It has everything that I love, Thank you FrostWire.
Why isn't there full songs some of them are some.aren't
Good
I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS APP.!!! 5  STARS!!!
Many helpful download but can sometimes not find many specific searches
It could be better
But.. Maybe i can test the files before i can download it...
Search sucks,cant find any songs....please fix.
Many songs are either short or remixes. Although I can find many perfect songs so it does work to an extent. It's free so thank you.
Best app in the market that I see just have to be smart on which files you choose and know what viruses are out there and everything's at your fingertips thank you developing gods!
But It have to be fix it for alot of songs
With youtube, LOVE it. Every song I search, I find. 100% !!! Download from FIREFOX.
Well this app was amazing until its just stopped workingwhat happened?
This app was good at first but Now the app keep crushing. Wtf smdh
frostwire
This app continuously froze my phone.
I was tryin to look for some but it wont let me look. Happy they got See You Again by Wiz Khalifa.
I love it so much  perfect for Samsung  and android
dont get me wrong this app really works but one little problem i have with it. most of the time the only song you can download is dam remix's when i what the normal version.
Can't save to exsd and running out of storage space update please and addnthis function
This app sucks and will give a virus don't wast your time!!!
I liked the he old version where you can download youtube content straight to your phone....i think i might delete this app because i cant get any music i want anymore.......
When I downloaded it my phone started to become dysfunctional I don't know if it's just my phone or what but it's frustrating when you download an app and suddenly everything just goes out of whack -_-
Every issue is fixable
I try to play music and it makes the sound when u tap on the music but nothing plz fix this
Many times I come to find all the songs aren't there...... Just saying!!
Doesn't have much song choice
Can't find what I want keeps saying try again fix this crap problem
Keeps freezing up my phone and always says it can't find artists that I have gotten songs by b4. They need to fix this because I even tried downloading the plus and it still does it.
I love this cuz i can watch download and watch free movies
Don't even hav speaker knockers
Its a good downloader and all but... WTF!! Ever since the update, i havent been able to find anything i searched!!! And what ever did pop up were just terrible remixes or songs that had no relation to what i searched!!! Just for this, one star!
Doesn't fully download my songs 
Useless app..bad bad bad..can't download anything
This was a great music sharing app but everone beware we downloaded it and recieved a Certified letter that this app was illegal and was against copyright laws i figured it to be legit being offered through google play services. Please beware that it is not legit.
I like -.-
Fast and easy
It dosnt have actual music I look for pops up bs
Lol
It use to be the best, no R&B song's are available as I use to be able to find anything,  even downloaded the apk STILL SUCKS SMH
When i want to download a song it gives me the wrong one. It just doesn't the right lyrics.
Use it every day . best app ever!
Its the best app ever 
Keeps freezing
This app used to be amazing. But now I can't find any songs that I want. They are all remixes and no originals at all. Has anyone else has this problem? Really disappointed....................................................update, I followed instructions that had been given to someone else from on here from frostwire and uploaded frostwire plus and all working again. Thumbs up!
Frostwire was my favorite app to download music but I gotta to ask why did you guys took away youtube from the app that was the best part of frostwire for me cause it finds every song I want I really wish u guys would add it back to frostwire cause frostwire right now to me is like a ferrari with a bad engine it can't do any thing
Dude I downloaded this app, it had SOME music on it. Now it barely has any! The tracks I had where suddenly deleted... liked wtf?
Only one torrent partially downloaded. The rest never progress. Very disappointing!
****ing crappie
Awesome App... You get to download any song, video clip etc within seconds..
I cant find some of the song but cool app
Best downloader ever
i love it it has everything i need
IT IS AMAZING APP
It doesnt wanna download anything
I usto search a song and many would pop up and now I search a song and only one that has nothing to do with the song I searched pop's up? Why is this?
Why does it have access to my pictures and videos?
This was my favorite app in the world and now I can never download songs.. Always says no music available or just come up with cover songs.. Really wish it went back to the way it was
I got the app and liked it but later realized it wouldn't let me get a lot of good nor new songs
I dont understand why it deletes youre music from your SD card of you Uninstall FW. is that like an incentive to keep this app or what? I think thats rude.  Also every music downloader that I've had in the past had a preview option. How are we supposed to know if thats the one we want to download if we cant listen to it first? Its better than all of the other free music downloaders aside from thoes two things.
I've had better
When you type  in a song you want it dose not give u it or it whould  say not found  fix your dumb app .it was great  when it frist came out but now you cant do anything  on
Love this app bottom line it works great.
I works good but its glichy and you can't multy task with this like u cant listen to music and download any songs or any thins else but once you keep on using it it works
Music
It suck
If you listen to anything that isn't played on the radio good luck finding anything..
Its great an fast
I had to delete the app as i couldnt whatch any videos on Youtube.I deleted it but it made no difference.Thank you for ruinning youtube.Now I cant watch a single video..I would love to have a reply..
Only plays cover songs not originals.... SUCKS!!
Love the quality of the content which is superb!!
The worst
When I download a song its OK bit it does not have some songs I would like and it takes up to much space the way it shows up,  not is folders one day one not together
This app gave me good luck I met Taylor Swift Sabrina carpenter and ariana Grande
My resume for this life!!!
Hi please fix this sh#t tired of listening to music and having this thing just close on me. :update: sorry but my version says i have 1.5.7 how did you get that i have an old version? Anyway i will email my phone info
It works really well and I have had no problems with it
Only remixes
Kiss it
I hate it when u have to download the song just to see if its the right one it needs to be changed to where u can listen to the song then download it
Found this app to be a waste of time because I couldn't find the original songs on this app
Great app
Loved this until my carrier found out there's copyright content from bittorrent how can I fix this?
Kool
Use to be able to download music from youtube now when i go to search it says no resualts fix that
Hard to find songs even mainstream ones
Love the app. Having some difficulties with the downloads though. Tried downloading a movie and when it downloaded, it froze my entire phone and I can't open my gallery now. Can't even watch the movie. Slightly disappointed with how its currently running. Have had no problems in the past. Hoping this gets fixed.
Fabulous .... love it...  i find all songs here
Suck now  don't seem to find the artist anymore
It been really bad lately trying to download it froze and in videos dont come out
Want to download a song? Here's 40 unknown crap artists remixing it. Can't find the original though. No, don't care how many times you reword your search, we're not giving you the original, have a dubstep remix of an acoustic...  Accidentally had your phone unlocked in your pocket? let's download an entire movie for you that's  on the home page for six months.      Want to mash the back button to leave like every other app? Nah, you need to click 'OK' or we'll just keep rerouting you back to the home page.
Use to be really good but now thumbs down
I have had frostwire for a long time and I loved it recently though a song I was searching couldn't be found.it is a really great app though if you want to watch an episode from YouTube you can look it up download it and watch it
Ayaw naman makadownload
Download
Everybody use music paradise
It made everything slow down than it made my phone freeze
Fehey
I started to watch a file I selected from a few I downloaded and it just completely deleted all files I got from here not just the one I started watching, it wasted my data plan, really upsetting.
It works great
I use to love this app! It would let me find any song I would look for. It would also let me download movies and I was downloading old school movies for my son,and now that I try to download anything or look for something is not letting me at all!!!!! Please fix it this was the only app that has ever worked
everysince they update of last month everything i look up says it can not be found it dosent let u search alot of artist that it once used to !!?
I love it it give me all the songs I like
Can't find the original songs.
Lags and sometimes completely freezes while in use makes the app literally impossible to use. It crashed my entire phone for 20 MINUTES!!!!! Without issues, it is a perfect app and enjoy it very much. Please fix, I love using this app.
Used to be good, now it sucks.
Can't do anything without apk
Hate it it is the worst
I can download all music album, songs for free
It only has dumb remix
Bla bla bla kya khun
Everything is just a remix
Can't find anything
Has music I like and can download TV shows
Is missing a lot of songs
Didn't work when I downloaded it from your site. My phone said it could not open.
It freezes way to much!!!
I'm on.
It doesn't let me find any song . then I find a title for the songs and it turns out it not even a song also it says that the song can't be played.
Only bad thing is that I can never find the original song, only remixes, would give 5 if there wasn't so much
Great app. I can fine just about everything on here. Even download movies
I did what the stupid thing told me to do and guess what! I still cant download any songs and so i deleted the app and downloaded it again. The only difference was that all my songs were gone!! I am very upset with this. If you are going to have a stupid update or whatever, at least make sure it works!! I went from loving this app to hating it very fast!
Iike the app but I it doesn't always have songs that I want
I downloaded it and loved it at first but then after I couldn't find the songs I wanted anymore it was useless and I deleted it and it deleted all of my music so don't download it , it's not even worth it
this app is the best
What happen to downloading songs from you tube ? All mannnnnn...... !
App took over my phone.... after downloading my cell started going crazy... it closed this window several times while i typed...
It has everything i want love it !!
Its so awesome and fantastic
Sucks dick and dumb
Not at all like the pc or mac version for some reason there are way less songs and it doesn't recognize some searches
Constant issues occur frequently after installing app fix
All 3 2 play or download,save 2 memory card n b sure 2 remove card b4 app then there yours 4eva :-) safe brother's xx
You are one of the best apps ty
I used to love it but now it takes forever to download . I used to be able to download audio from YouTube which was amazing !!! But it doesn't pop up anymore ):
Can't download songs. Searches aren't working
This app used to be brilliant for music now it doesn't find anything!
Not to bad
Worth it. I downloaded songs I couldn't find in other apps.
Its a great app.
pls download....this apps u loved it....
everytime i open it in few second it close by themselves
The app is not the very good too download anything
Hit or miss...
While searching for songs, it keeps freezing my phone so that I have to keep restarting it.  Not sure what's changed but please fix it.
Shit
Magnificent
You have to download it before you can listen to it
I like this app.I can download music and even videos.But please fix it.Sometimes it asuddenly crashed and stops..Thank you :)
A lot of versions. You cant even identify the original one. When I uninstalled it, all the files I downloaded using this crap were also gone.
Still downloading
U guys need to put the YouTube thing back it sucks with out it
How are u loving this app
It doesn't have all the songs I'm lookin for 
I love this app so cool i can watch anything i want
Fuck!! This app.
But the thing is I downloaded 2 songs. My player shows 8 songs. Why the extra bullshit?
Best app ever
I love when it don't auto erase when I close the app to save on my battery. But it does make me mad when I close the app and it erases my download!
Complete utter crap
Don't download this looked up latest song dj snake you know you like it gave me a bunch of crappie remixes and it doesn't let you listen to it before you download it get outta here frost wire tf.
Question is this illegal? ???
Its sucks
Seems almost every r&b song I search for can't be found I need something that can find new and old songs and this app does neither
Most of the songs are not proper sounding
I can download the music I want then I'm really happy and our of nowhere it deletes it
It really good but some songs take forever to load
It wouldn't even get the right songs dont download this.
It lags but other wise its great. :D
Ok I downloaded it got on it and could not find my songs that I wanted and I know they on there so I want to know why I can't find it on there
Its very good to me
Frostwire
this thing acted like a virus.  It took over my phone.
Male
Ok
Omg I thought I was not going to work but it did LOVE IT
I like this app but when I download song and go to google play music I would have a bunch of songs I wouldn't download on it it weird please fix
Kept making my phone crash no thanks
This is great
The app it's self is okay but I deleted it right after I downloaded it because it didn't have the songs I was looking for and it didn't really have a wide selection of song choices when I search for them.I don't know how the downloading is so I have nothing to say about it.
It is actually very good for me my phone been having problems and yet this app is still great
Dumb application
I love it and all but there is one problem takes forever to find the music ur looking for
It worked perfect or so I thought Idk I only had it for a couple day cuz o for a new phone lol
It won't let me download a certain song .. Downgrade it or something .-.
Music not sure
I can't figure it out oh well I guess something else will work
If your looking for original music Dont get this its dumb its all remix and it give you a ton of viruses to. My phone completely shut down because I was looking for music and it forze so my phone was out of wack for 2 HOURS! Not worth it Dont waste your time its all remix
I keep getting recordings people have made instead of originals
Its because I downloaded some of pitbull songs and when try to open them irt says FAILED TO OPEN
Love it
Ty for the quick response dev team.although i had an issue of my completed filed being deleted,it hasnt happened since the first day.Do you believe in love at first site? I LOVE THIS APP!.keep up the good work.
I love this app and all, but all that I can download is remixes......On my tablet I could download the real thing. But not on my phone for some reason. Other than that I guess this app is ok.
When i download it it work really well i download it punch of songs than when i had to uninstalled all of my songs got delete it plz fix it
One more apolication
I wil give _ 00000 there worse app ever crash my cell
Literally the worst app ever!! Every song that comes up is remixed by someone else. I hardly ever get the actual version. Hated it!!!
I hate this BECAUSE YOU CAN'T USE YOUTUBE as a source TO DOWNLOAD SONGS AND FROSTWIRE NEEDS TO FIX THAT I USED TO LOVE IT BUT CAN'T STAND IT NOW
I found the right songs I was looking for totally should get it
Love it
Love this app. Finally something that understands my music needs.  it. They even notify you when download is done and also give us hints to music we want. TOTALLY A KEEPER 
Ive gotten this app before and it would let you download songs from the app "Youtube" no it wont do that... could you please tell me why?
I've had this app for a couple months and i loved how it would pick up rare youtube files of music that i was looking for. Now all youtube supporting files are gone and only soundcloud is available, which means the remixes of the orginals. Hate it hate it hate it!
This app was great at first but after a few downloads it froze my phone. I ended up having to factory reset my phone to get it to work properly again.
Great
Why dont you guys lets us hear a preview of the song before we download it so we would know if the song is a remix or not
How can I fix this because I can't play songs in play list
Downloads are fast but when we try to watch the movie it says it doesn't know how like honestly says " doesn't know how to open file"
Kewl
Just tat i donnt like hindi audio i want english
Loved it at first , now it doesn't let me download anything ... honestly hate it now .
Please fix
Didn't find songs and crashed shortly after.  Fyi don't reply to this saying you'll help.  Something that works poorly during first use is not worth the time.
I dont know why people are sayinh they dont get it, or how it works... it works like its suppose to. Good job guys. Sorry to hear about (pro). Thanks for the app.
This blows
I downloaded the APK version and I finally got to download my favorite song by Living In Fiction!  They aren't a well known band so it's impossible to find the original song but this app has it!  Yaaayyy cx
Can't preview most of the music. Instead of downloading a song only to delete I unis talked the app. No good
I'm not sure if I like it or not
Love it. Sometimes glitches and copies songs
It's making my phone freeze and act crazy and they have songs downloaded that I didn't ask for
The people who make the app are fast at replying to a problem
Great app..
Amazing
So I went to an iPhone for a while and when I left I loved this app had it on all of my android and now that I'm back to an Android I can't get half the songs I want because you don't let us download from YouTube anymore why?
I love this app best music app ever
Loved it, you can download movies torrents.. 5 stars from me !!!
When I first got this a couple months ago, everything was good. I have actually downloaded over 200 songs with this app. BUT, now that there's this new "update" where you can't get as many results without downloading rather sketchy apps, I don't see where it is worth it. This app is great if you're looking for an rather old and/or song, you MIGHT be able to find it, but as I said, you can't really find any uptodate music on it because there's not as many results anymore. and I don't trust that website...
Problem fixed back to being awesome
Love you YouTube songs
I can't download music anymore I have an android
I love it but u can not here the songs first. 
They have every song I asked for.great job guys keep up the great work
This was the best music downloader I've had but for me it just dropped the charts cause I can't download off youtube.... Thats just stupid af!!!!! All this torrent data makes things worse and I can't download music anymore. It won't let me. Wtf did you guys do.... why tf did you take youtube off?????
When you open it it just freezes and when you download something it takes up SOOOOO much space hated it!!!!
Awful
Works fine
Its okay
I get No Results for anything since I replaced the app in my new phone. What does show up is usually bogus crap remixed music that's not even the song that I searched for! I'm so disappointed as I've used this app for YEARS!!!
Takes to long
It does not download any music. Well it first downloads 3 song and then it stops! 
Irs okay
I got it but then when I try to download a song I says error
I almost see nothing i want and videos don't load anymore
Bring back 'background download' please. Everytime i closed frostwire, my downloads there is closed too and i need to restart it again. Usually it kept downloading after even tho i already closed it
When I first downloaded music it was epic!!!! Love it it's a great app for music you could listen to music when you are playing a game !!! In the same tablet and phone!!!!
It is the best free downloaded ever
This app drains my battery life. I play this music downloaded on music player. But when I check my battery usage it says 5% from frostwire. Also when I delete a file from the app it still appears in my music but don't play. Other then that its useful. I uninstalled reinstalled already.
Nice
I used frostwire and limewire as a teen so I was excited to see this app.  It had almost every song I searched for but after a couple of songs I got, it started to slow down and freeze.Then my phone would completely crash when I would just open the app. I ended up just deleting it. I thought it was great. But that opinion didn't last long.
Senang sangat kalau nak cari video or lagu kat sini
This is the best music app I've ever downloaded, the only problem is it takes up too much space so I had to uninstall it and I've regretted that decision since! Brill app, just doesnt always come up with the song you want and is a little slow to load at times, but the music is brill quality and the sound isnt gravelly like from other apps!
Hey really bad why it don't play to ma phone  ? Please fix it and I'll give u 5 star if u fix it
I had it for a month n its still working ya
I fing love this app u beechees
Works like a charm
I didn't like it it did not know some songs that I wanted to listen to
I used to use this program all the time...but it sucks now...I used to download music all the time...but now without the YouTube integration it's going down like limewire did...basically it is now trash all you get are crappy remixes and covers...bye frostwire
Awesome Possum
love it bitches
This app sucks. ALL covers. It would also be great if we could preview the song before downloading another horrid cover.
For once it has even the new music everything
It doesn't show youtube results
I've been using froswire on my tablet for a while, at first I could find all the songs I wanted then one day I went to download a song, and I wouldn't find anything. Its been like that for a while...... Can't find any of the song I want. Its made me very mad !
So far  I like it
Great
Gets all of the music I want
This app would be the best one on the app store IF you were able to download the music onto the SD card without losing it once its uninstalled . I can't save it to internal memory because of low storage space so can't give it 5 stars . but its amazing overall.
This app gives you a virus don't download it made my phone turn off when it was fully charge
Suks
I love this app! Occasionallybi don't find what I'm looking for but I won't use anything else. Love it
All the music is from SoundCloud witch do not like at all and most of the music I listen to is Mexican music and there is not one song that I like on there that is in Spanish
This app is good but it dont allow me download certain songs and it dont offer enough songs and It only shows soundcloud and its not even the actual artist singing it its always a cover up by someone else and sometimes causes viruses on my phone and I xan download songs but tgey wont play!!!!!!!!!
At first I could find all the songs I was looking for but now I hardly find anything I'm looking for Sometimes I want to delete the app but doing that I will lose the music I downloaded from the app.
Worked good
I don't like how if you get rid of the app you loose everything you got with the app.
It deserves let's then a star, I'll freeze your phone and it has a virus. Do not download. DANGEROUS APPLICATION.
Very nice
Really good app. Lots of good features.
No originals
I downloaded a whole album and after a few minutes it deleted it all
You just need to follow the instructions on how to fix it if you are seeing no results. You need to download it on its website. Theres actually a link there available. This is more convenient to use and safe.
Probably should allow to preview songs before downloading
Becose is every songs is old
Good
Music
Use to be the best app but now it stop be it.now you hardly can download song or videos so wats happening frostwire please do something about it now everything not available
I DOWNLOADED THIS APP AND I GOT EMAILS AFTER DOWNLOADING MUSIC FROM MY INTERNET PROVIDERS SAYING THAT THEY WERE GOING TO FILE A LAWSUIT FOR PIRACY!!! DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!
Really nice, no lag, works smoothly, what I do not get is why isn't there much options to pick? I know its because google play made your awesome corporation take it down, but there is other websites that could help with this.. Thank you though, because I was able to download funny and Awesome rap battles. So thank you and keep working hard as you can!!.
Please add if there isnt any
I cant download music and video...when i search something its only a cover not official
Wayert
I might've rushed to judge the app I like but sometimes doesn't give the original songs you're looking for, here and there you download a song and ends up being someone's mixtape
I tried to download and it never did anything. I just keep seeing it move slow. I don't have all day.
Hated all the covers and remixes. I wanted the original
It makes me download each song I want. Do not get the stupid app.
YouTube
Downloaded only half of a song and did it to multiple different songs. Also downloaded songs I didn't even download.
How come I can't listen to the song to see if it's the one I'm looking for
good
Frostwire
Good ap just some stuff take up a lot of space be careful
Pum pum
It deleted all my songs I downloaded.... I uninstalled
I looked up bad blood millions of times each time it was by someone else and not Taylor Swift. PLEASE FIX!!
I have just uninstalled this as its driving me mad not getting the songs I want. It shows remixes and wannabe YouTube artist trying to sing but not the original tracks. Very disappointed as it was good other than that.
I got to download many music and movies
Been useing this app for a long time now and installed again after a short break... now almst nothing found in search, freezes/crashes constantly, kills battery&gets very hot, ETC ETC. And notice app has less installed software files, use to have a Torrents folder in package files... UNINSTALLING!!!
Its a pretty good app, all the other ones don't have the right music, but this one, this ones good
If you have poor internet connection does it stop the song your listening to constantly?
The app has stopped working please fix it!!
ok so it cant use youtube but I type in an exact copy of what I see on sound cloud but what ever I type it never pops up or it does pop up but it is never the right one or it is not even close to what I typed in
It doesn't give me any kpop it just shows English covers
Yaa
What
Ok....
It terrible it won't look up the songs you want
It sucks my phone has internet and doesn't play the song.
Well it went good and all but it doesn't find the song I want and only show song that I wasn't looking for like something totally different.
Works fine on PC but app say can't find most of the songs I search for
I downloaded, got 3 songs are it started to overheat my Galaxy S5... could be a great app. Just not for my phone.
The download time is taking forever! About to say forget it.
Ok so i waited for it to download for so long. It then says the app wasnt responding. It even made my whole system slow down 100 and shut down the phone.  THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I love this app it's perfect for me iys g i t everything I want to have on my phone!!
Yes
This app really sucks a waste of time
..nice apps i can search all i want but i can't play..why?
Downloader
It came up with the music but wouldn't let me download it, and if it did download it, it still wouldn't play the song!!!
Why did youtube conversion stop working?
when the download finished it says faild to play..plss fix this
cant download any songs, movies, etc.  can please fix it:( thanks
Boo booo
But Is their a way to get rid of the covers and leave the artist only?
Pretty cool
Froze my phone everyone I tried to download songs!
Like it but it needs some work
So I LOVE this app. My favorite. But recently when after I search the artist and scroll through the results my phone starts slowing down and overheating. My phone gets weird and sometimes I have to take out the battery to be able to use it and get back to my home screen. This is literally the only app that makes my phone do this. Any other app my pho e works perfect that is until I try downloading music on FW
I use from all my music needs
I don't know yet but my cousin recommended it to me because he got all the songs he liked I will give it 5 stars for a start :)
You have to read what you have to do and you can find any song best thing going ever for music
Good
I loved this app until songs got erased and now I can't get those songs back, YouTube torrent is out
Only bad part is that some time my music don't stay one so if that could be fixed?
It's all SoundCloud songs
B
Froze my phone every time I opened it. Total crap.
It tuns on my music from the random and i pause it but it unpauses by its self how do i stop it
What ever happen to YouTube
Lagged my phone bad!!
It started out working really great! Now I can't even find a song ! This is terrible ! Pretty much all of these music download apps suck!
Able to download everything i want
All the tracks I looked up were only remix. Some sounded good most of them didn't and I just want to listen to originals. This app is useless if it can't even provide unaltered songs.
I don't understand, why cant i download music that is off of youtube. It says i need to download the apk app that would allow me to continue downloading music. But it keeps bringing me back to the frostwire app i have installed.  Fix this problem
Frostwire was the best but it seems mp3 rocket has stole the crown
Dosent give real songs
Everything is in KAT n I can't listen to the songs before I download them.. Should make songs on video but go to songs library instead of gallery
Ok i dwnload a song i couldnt find anywhere else and it plays part of it then suddenly it says my audio player dosent support the song, but it was jus playing it. wth is this mess. Dnt download this app its a branch app. It gets u all happy then lets u dwn.
fun
This app used to be good, it's useless now.
It downloads way to slow I click download and make sure it is and then 30 minutes later its still at the same spot
I love u frost wire mwuaaaahhhh
Provides access to songs with utmost quality. Loved it! Supreme! Hope it wont crash as users have written in the comments.
3 songs out of 12 I downloaded didn't work. Can't hear it first. And search frozen half the time. Waste of time!
tnx a lot
bullshit
Scks ... at first it was downloading music but now is not working properly.
Faster downloads please
not all songs come up
First it work really good now it doesnt work i cant download my music
It rocked and I loved it UNTIL, Frostwire decided to stop showing YouTube stuff. I got fewer rezults and I'm highly disappointed.
xxx
started out great now won't download songs at at.
Frostwire
Real nice
I'm downloading this app because even in the negative comments I see customer support responding to every issue trying to resolve it. You don't see much of that anymore these days.
Never the right song
It's awesome
I really enjoy this program. And I recently realized that there was a mobile version. My issue is that when I download books. I'm having problems opening them. Emailing them or opening straight from my phone does nothing. In fact when I click on the file. It looks like it wants to open Google books, but it disappears and I'm left with the Frostwire program. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you!
Its all right I guess
Stupid
Love it
Idk why there is bad comments it works great
loved this app but when i moved the songs to the sd card it kept sayin "sorry unable to open etc" so i moved them back to the device and it says the same, any ideas why as now i can't play my music
When I downloaded the app, it quickly downloaded I can give you that, but when I open the app it have the blue screen but just goes to black after a few short seconds after opening the app.
Ig it's ight,  freezes up sometimes ,needs a lil work tho
All my songs went missing and cant find them anymore
Cant find j.cole
hit and miss and looking for songs. even well known songs wont come up in the searchs
They need to get more songs
I thought that it was a wonderful musica download
It started working perfectly good and all of the sudden it started saying no results found try other key words! Fix this!!!
This app sucks do not get it
Best downloader I've tried so far, you just need to know what your doing. I see the developers are doing their best to meet the users expectations. But I do hope there's a retry/continue button for when the download stops
To much problems and erase my songs
There are too many remixes you cant find any of the songs your looking for
In the past it not work & no dl but now i can work whit it & dl my favorite song
Love this app. Gets me what I want and in a timely fashion
Most titles it said was downloadable wont download soo i dont want this app. Plus dont like the idea if i dont like it you can deleate from my sd card. I deleated the 5 songs that downloaded from my card before i uninstalled soo dont touch my files thanks
It works perfectly and its fast i have no complains
Please change the app so it doesn't automatically start paying music when it connects to a Bluetooth device. Soooooooo annoying. THE reason a 5th star wasn't given. Awesome app otherwise.
It was working perfectly fine until today. Every time I open my music and click a song it just stays there and no song plays I tried everything and it won't work!
I know I listen to some underground music but even the mainstream stuff that I tried looking up frostwire would only bring up a lot of remixes/covers. It's simple enough to actually USE, but good luck finding what your looking for.
what happened?!?!?! I can't able to find the videos..... it sucks!!!!!
It works sometimes and then sometimes it don't.
Sweet
Its so fast to download:-) :-) :-)
While yes it was able to download one song it took 5 min for one song!! It froze up my whole phone to and I had to restart it. Pls fix this
Why can't I preview the my songs before downloading?
Caused pop ups from play store all the time
I was downloading some songs and after about 3~4 the app becomes laggy and my phone becomes a heating pad. I love everythong else about it, and i think its best compared to all the other downloading apps except for the lag and heat.
This app was great for downloading full albums,now it won't display any,only songs and videos
I love using this app but my phone keeps freezing every time I click on one of the links I don't know how because I've had this app for a very long time
Can not play before Download waist of time low quality and limited search for Artist Doesn't Even recognize Andrews sisters.? Wtf
It didn't have the right version of any of my songs and it kept crashing
Awsome app...i love it so much...
IG...lol.
At first it works and now when i try to search something nothing comes out. It is frustrating!
Some of the songes they are diffrent and the people singing arnt even the corect one singing.
I want to love it because when I search for a song it gives me a lot of options, like the videos etc. But I would prefer if I could hear a preview of the song first. Plus, when I try to send one of the videos I downloaded through whatsapp, my phone completely freezes and I dont know why. This app would be so great without these probs.
I liked it
Works for the most part.
Its OK
Its ok but....I would really like if u could hear the song before downloading it.
I keep trying to download but
Bullshit.  Uninstalled.
I used to have a app but this a  an amazing great app love it so much
Fuck
I want a GREAT or good music downloaded WITHOUT COVERS. All of the music is COVERS. I absolutely hate covers.....if I wanted to listen to a cover u would look up "blah blah cover" but I didn't so don't give me any cover please. Thanks
They need to put back youtube
SUCKS
They hv the songs i need but it keeps getting stuck and it won't shut off. I hv to take my battery out to get out. Smh
Was great when i first downloaded, they took youtube off and thts where i get my music from. now its worthless. 0 stars.
Yes
Couldn't download anything
I just freackin live this app
It suck
Since I updated it keeps freezing ???!!!
Hope you guys fix my concern i already emailed on your site.
Piece of shit
I don't understand all the negative reviews thanks frostwire!!
Can't even download the songs i want
No original song with original beat.
Don't understand it doesn't download what I want
I used to love this app but now it's not as good.  Sucks. There not even that many music ahymore
Too many remix's
Amazing u should try
This is my favorite downloader so pls bring back the YouTube
Perfect!
It goes slow sometimes
just about every song is some sort of remix..
Used it for like 10 minutes if froze like 4 times and the rest are remixes of the songs found one real song and like 30 versions by everyone in the world but the original artist....needs lots of work.
Since they removed youtube, they lost about 80% of the songs they used to have available. I know for sure they lost me as a user since this app is only taking up space on my phone I can use for other things.
I couldnt find songs I wanted and when I did they were all covers.
It's used to work amazing and now it's not even coming up with the songs I want & does not load to my sd card
Every time I try to download mp3 or any other type of music file it says "download failed"
Love it works great
I downloaded 1 song but couldn't play it. I kept getting a message that the file could not be found.  Tried several time before I uninstalled.
This app was awesome when first downloaded but now it sucks every song or artist I look up nothing shows  up! I'm about to delete it and hopefully find something  better!!
Grate app if u could save in Sim car
Nice app. Just that when I change the name of files cause 5 of them are named tmp. So I do but they change back to their original name. Plz fix and I will give 5 stars.
I'm only getting 20ish songs from soundcloud when the artist has way more than 20. Anyone know any solutions?
I love it got all the music I want
Let's me get free music
It doesn't support Youtube so you just get random songs than the song you actually want.
Needs to have YouTube back on the search settings
Loved it
Love it
Awesome. ....
Why did they get rid of getting songs from Youtube
Is this legal
Its hard to find the right song. I don't want covers, I wanna the original\offical song
I love the app, I decided to delete the app to test another as I don't have too much space on my phone, after deleting the app all my music vanished! I'm having to reinstall the app and get my music back! This is a problem you need to address.
The only good thing about this was that i was able to find and download songs, but it freezes up completely and wont let you do anything on your phone. Not a good application imo.
I used to love this app when all the others didn't work this was perfect. Now? Songs randomly delete all the time, pretty much every song I download won't play and the app freezes all the time, I can download one song before the whole app just shuts down. Honestly this app is horrible now and I absolutely hate it. I understand somethings can't be fixed and because they had to take off the YouTube search but still there are far too many bugs. Which really sucks because I used this all the time.
It was gud
I thought it would be just fine, but as soon as I downloaded it things went wrong. With my large amount of space on my phone, excellent WiFi, and 3G, I was shocked when nothing loaded but search suggestions. Searched common things and nothing loaded. Along with that, my phone immediately slowed with this app. 10 minutes later, I uninstalled. I don't want to fight with an app, I want to enjoy the app.
Know I can't download any song I will give 5 stars if it's fixed
Started out great until it decided to delete 400 out of my 500 songs without my permission (twice). Went back to re download the missing songs and find out they don't exist anymore. Constantly crashes every time it's opened. Sucks in the end. I'm staying with Spotify.
Liked it its simple
Wouldn't load the songs I wanted
Alinaharter
For me
Dont know if it works but it was so slow i didnt even try make it faster and ill redownload
i found this software very nice....
Used to use you guys, and you were really good. I don't know where all your music went, but I can't do anything with this now.
It's ok most of the time.
Works Great, !!
Hard time finding the right songs. Took me awhile just to find the ones I downloaded.
I have Frostwire on my computer and I can easily download anything without a problem, its easier because I can download music from YouTube through Frostwire. But on the phone I can't, I can't download anything I want, its only limited to a few songs and I can't download anything from YouTube. That's a bummer.
nice ilike it
Well its a good app and have no problem downloading songs
I gave this app 5 stars, but now I am giving them 1. I can't find anything in here.
The music is awesome but takes forever
All of ah sudden it not finding sounds but I still love it
Never started until recently, I freakin LOVE this app but now when I search for things nothing wants to pop up but a couple songs that aren't even the artist!
But now can download any of my favorite songs this sucks I need to fine a better app what happened to you frost wire your losing people I even had you at 5 stars but now 1 star
I wish I could rate less than one star this app is truly a sad piece of...
Useless
Thank you frost wire staff for the great suggestion.
I didnt like it cause im trying to listen to the song before i download it n it wouldnt let me
Duck
How do you not download copyright material please explain
I have been a long time uTorrent user. This is a far better app.
I love it but you have to be carefully of what u chose cuz some don't work
Frothy asf
It's an awsome app!!!
This app isn't the best, but it does the job. Also, this is the only app that I've found that works for a Galaxy S6. So either all other downloaders need to step it up or this is the best it gets. All in all, it's a pretty good app.
I went to the support website to get YouTube back on my frostwire and the it said to download something else and so I did and what happened nothing it didn't help me at all gosh I'm so mad do not download this app ever!!!!!!! 
It didn't have the songs I wanted and if it did they weren't the original.
Every time I try to search something now, it doesn't show up and gives me suggestions instead.
One time I had this app and I tried to look up black and yellow and then there were just remixes and I need the original song
I find my songs
Does everything you want.  Great app
It used to work great. Now I can't find anything I search for. And I just lost all music I've downloaded through this app. Think I will now be uninstalling it...
It use to work fine then all of a sudden it doesn't show options from youtube 
Love it
Worked at first now its all fake tracks
Some songs that have been out for months are still not on here
Real good loved it!!
I'm giving my tablet to my sis and I have to get rid of some things. I want all the music on it still tho so she can listen to it. Help
I don't understand this app it started out good now I can't download anything it keeps on saying bs I don't know what this means and why it's saying that. It won't even save to my sd card no more plz help me if u can.
Loved it
Idk I downloaded this app but I can't find any songs of my favorite artist example like deadmau5 kaskade Nero bassnecter etc. I really wish I could find them this app is Great
No good music
what is this,,I cant even find my song,,
I loved this app at first. But now it takes forever to load and still doesn't pull up any music I am searching for. There are literally no good music downloading apps anymore.
I love this app I've got a lot of songs off this app... but when ever I get a new phone and I have to delete the app and I lose all my songs... which blows.. they need to make it where you can delete the app but keep the songs or have it so you can log in so you can get all your songs back...
Have had this app for a long time. Tried using the frostwite plus but can't get it to download on my android.  :/
I was using this app and it stopped working
Gary V.
The only thing i don't like is the way it doesn't keep any song when uninstalled. Also I had a bunch of songs downloaded and I moved the app to my sd card and all songs were lost . But other than that this app is the best music downloader I've ever downloaded !
Its a good app but the part that's really annoying is that the results are completely irelavent to what i have searched for
you say dowload and then it start to download and then just stop !!!
Its a good app that helps me find what i wanna listen to thankz
I downloaded 1 song and it worked great. Then I went to download a few more and it doesn't do anything. Won't connect to peers. Just sit there and does nothing. I have full wifi going on too. What gives?
Every time I search up a song, they always bring up some stupid crappy cover artist from the original artist.
Every song I looked up was a remix of someone else singing. We want originals, not an amateur.
Love it
Torrent dowloader
I download this app and in the begging it was working fine and now it doesn't have any results for music to download maybe just 2 results but only mixes 
Ew.
Awesome
You should have a book download option
I never had any problems and plays every song with no problem.if I could rate it higher I will.
I like it
Bullshit apps
Y did it start lacking things? I had to delete this because of phone viruses and now when I search up things the music dat used to be there is gone and I can't find it
At first it was nice and now it's slow, draining my battery, and not finding the songs anymore. Just a sad disappointment.
It keeps acting up and it's very slow can you plzz fix it
It will make your phone go slow and freeze up from time time.
It never give the original just stupid remixes and stuff
Every time i go on this app to look up a song it laggs my hole phone and i have to shut it off and turn it back on fix it please
If it's free it's good
I can't find anything. Every time I search I just get crap. Its so bad that I feel like I want to crack my fine into pieces
Phone runs more hot since.. downloading this app.  Got to really dig to find what you want on searches. ..many torrents I want are not here. Had to Google it
OK well it was OK but it don't load I would not get it
Cool for some music.
I had this app and it was working great until I got a message saying they dont have the updated youtube so now I cant download stuff.....when I deleted it it took all my songs and now I cant find a good app.
Best
It works special good
I can download many songs from YouTube, thanks to the developers...
Love how I can download almost any song. Did have an issue or two with some older songs, but after adding frostwire plus, it's way better.
I used this all the time but now I can't use it anymore because of Google. I tried downloading and doing everything told to fit it but still won't work. I don't want to stop using this app, any help please?
Ok at first, but then started randomly playing music at random times
I like this because u can pick any music from 80's til now n u can pick any kind music u like that why I like this frostwire
The app won't play certain songs
This app used to be wonderful and I was always able to find any song I was looking for with no problem. Now not a single song I try to find show up and it will only show two or three items. I do not know what you all did to this app but for lack of better words, it sucks.
It was downloading great and then every song I download is only 0 seconds long. Please fix it or I will just get a new one that doesn't do this. Thanks
But really slow
It overheats after 3 songs but I'll still use it because of free music. I will use it for only one song, if I do what you said it might delete my songs
I downloaded the apk and still can't find songs that i could before that are on YouTube
This app honestly sucks. I try looking up artists like Lana del rey or Latino artist and nothing shows up. Definitely wouldn't recommend this app
Love it
I like ths app but sometimes it'll open on ita own so I deleted the app and all the music i downloaded went with it. 
I dwnload anime, movies, android games and everything from this app and no problem occured to me till now. Thanx for this app, developer.
I love this app!!   thanks for creating..
Its the best application for music
No music I want. And when I search it  brings up everything but what I need
At first I was getting nothing but remixes but they helped me out. Thanks for helping me out. (:
All the past updates have ruined this app. I used to love it, now anything I search has no results.
The biggest problem for me it doesn't let you preview the song so you can check how it sounds. Only option you given download or cancel.  Other than that it good
I love this app cause I use this as my downloading service on my computer and no problems but for some reason on my phone it freezes my whole phone til the point i have to remove the battery
I love it but is has too pick up speed
Tried it but most of the songs are half songs rarely found a full song on there... Easier to use YouTube
Whenever i try to download something my phone completely slows down and i cant do anything unless i take off the battery
I liked it at 1st,it had every song,then It told me to download this thing so I could get Youtube music downloads again& I Did.But now I still can't get any songs I want& if by chance i do get a song I like it won't play!!!
Some songs are on there but mostly everything that you search is covers! And most songs aren't even on here! Hate it!
How can I transfer the files downloaded to my own memory? When I got to open the song it says "sorry, failed to open" .. But the song plays when I choose to use frostwire to complete the action.. Please help.. I don't know what to do..
I think this is an awsome download
I love it and u don't have to pay
Didn't have original songs.                  Thank you frostwire  for responding and ill try it out
If i could id give u a fukn negative star p.o.s
OK so far
This app was the best for music downloading but now none of the songs I find on YouTube show up in the searches. Disappointed until this problem is resolved.
I don't know if I like it that much because of all the cover music but I guess is ok
App worked great for the first few songs but then my phone started freezing. I have removed the app.
This is da best music downloader ever... Ever.. Ever ever ever ever everbut realized that when I deleted of for space it deleted every song I downloaded on it pox fix now!!!!
Chida rolas
Half the songs I downloaded won't play says it's the wrong file for my music player
Will you all tell me how to fix the YouTube problem again ty
ALL songs are covers!
Charlie
Great app!
It deletes songs by itself it stupid
This better than buy music
I used to love this app and could download all my music and now I can't download any music. I download songs and it turns into a picture. Not getting one song cause of the new update. Please fix!
No music
Why can i only find remix versions of songs no originals
When I put music in a playlist the music doesn't save in it.
This is kwai
Great app but when I download one song 5 more pop up in my song list
Gone from 4 stars to 2! 1st of all I tried to download Becky G Lovin so hard I downloaded the 1st one and it didn't work  I tried again still it didn't work! Apps can be so stubborn  plz fix. A reply would be nice. If fixed maybe i will rate 5 stars....
No hassle in downloading songs.
I love frostwire
awesome
So i was using it and it worked amazing download all the songs i wanted but then my phone was gliching and it wouldnt turn on it would like lag???
A very interesting piece of aparatus
It worked perfectly until they removed the YouTube capabilities. ...it says to download the APK from the website but it says error opening ...so basically its a piece of crap now...it used to be the best app on here...not anymore
Why have you answered every review except the latesha girl who said she gets everything but the original song and artist. I get the same. If it's not some stupid little annoying girl giving some f##### up commentary it's idiots murdering the song I wanted. Don't have the time to waist on all this rubbish. Or on this review. Aaaaaaaarrrrgggghh... Frostwire worked fine on my computer. Aaaarrgg... Going to bed
Took the songs off YouTube so now I can't download nothing..
It's awesome
Ever since the update its been so suckish it would usually let me download a song without a problem now every song i type in it says result not found or try these results now this app sucks i am no longer using this anymore
I use to love this app but without the youtube downloads this app sucks major monkey sacks. .
I had this app then deleted it and all the music I got from it, dissapeared from my music library ! WTF.
How to download the videos and music
Makes my phone so laggy but this is the only app that i can find to download music
I had it loved it then I pop it on one day and the most I can get to pop up is 3 vidz and they all say there bad files idk what happened but really debating on deleting it please help I don't want to it seems like one the rare good ones
Its way to buge for me, it stopes my phone when ever i use it. Plz update it so i can use it  Aging.
It search lame songs
Downloads so slow and then says file cannot be found, after its completed. Waste of internet!
Been looking for certain songs and nothing
I so happy that I have Nicki Minaj and Ariana Grande , Beyonce , Lil Wayne and Lil Kim music I love it
I'm unable to find any of the music I'm looking for & it won't let me delete any files to clean up my library
I would try to download a couple of songs and it wouldn't download, and then when I would try to look up the songs again, it would not show any song or any result, can you please tell me what happened, or whats wrong
Never get what you actually ask for.  Terrible App
It will freeze my phone and delete my songs I already downloaded
This app is perfect
Good but not enough
What's going on with this app yo nothing comes up. I need answers now.
This app deleted all of my music folders off of my SD card!! Now I have to put over 40 folders of music (that I previously purchased by the way) back on my phone! How do I recover all of my music???
It suckssssss
Its okay
I would give more but when ever I search don't anything pull up for YouTube. Fix and will give more stars
Love this app
Not only slow but comes up with no results. Frosttwire uses to be great but now they've cut a corner somewhere and this app is useless!!
I like this mp3 downloader
I don't know what's going on but whenever I search for a song it says "no search result found"
Downloads don't work now search ain't giving no results aint no update available
This app was doing okay for a while then suddenly I couldn't download music from YouTube. Wtf?? I get that you had to remove YouTube or whatever, but when I got the APK it still wasn't coming up with ANY legit results. Your app, now officially SUCKS.
Horrible selection. And why would I download something before I can confirm it's what I want? Just awful. Uninstall.
It was really good at first but then weeks later it delets all my music like its still on the list but keeps saying unable to play song and on my music widget for samsung it deleted all the music app I had to go through the pain of no music all day its really stressfull trying to find a new music app like really
Decent app made my phone freeze up and crash several times though.
please fix YouTube ASAP!! thn I'll put 5*
My favorite app!!!
I loved this app but you need to fix the search because it can't find a simple song that is know through out the U.S its getting on my last nerve fix it
It stopped working.Take my advice and don't download
So i downloaded so many albums with these apps. But sometimes it crashes when i search for something. Please fix this issue so that i can re-install it because i dont know if it may harm my phone or not.
This app use to work so great until this morning it suddenly stop, every movies i tried to downloaded even though it says download but it's not actually downloading  the movie it's  like the app couldn't get access to the Internet. Please fix it and you will get 5 starts
The search for songs and downloading is fast except i cant find originals songs... This makes it boring.. Can there be a section to listen to the song first b4 downloading because it waste data if i happen to dislike the song i delete... Some cant even play
Cool
Ch bbbb. V
Love it and waiting for nee ones like this
It sucks without the YouTube
I had it then delete it now I have it again can't get none of the songs I had
love it
Whatever song your movie you are look for.  It will look everything but what are looking for.  Garbage
Doesn't give you more than 1 song
It's good
It worked beautifully
So bored
Having a problem with downloading youtibe videos!!! So I'm giving one! I USED THIS FOR 2 YEARS AND THIS IS MY FIRST TIME HAVING THIS PROBLEM
Everytime I'm trying to find a song it pull up bs that don't even match my search HATE IT HATE IT
Fast and easy!!
This app fk'n sucks. Every single time I try to look up a song it keep getting bs results. I get everything but the original song. I even turned off the SoundCloud results and GUESS WHAT still no results. I've tried looking up old artist new artist old songs, popular songs and GUESS WHAT X2....still nothing...I mean what's so hard about finding a decent music downloader...if could I would rate this app NEGATIVE 5000 STARS....BOOOOO THIS APP SUCKS
I hated this
So many horrible music download apps. Been through too many to list...do not download this app. Negative - 5 stars.  Boo you suck
It put a virus in my phone and I had to reset it.  Omg
Does not find recently new songs that are already on a CD... other than that the app works good...
Pretty good
I can download music free
I wish I could give no stars
Can't stand this app anymore.  Can't get any of my new songs anymore either .
Great app all together. I love it.
App was good about a month ago now I gave it a 0 ratings
it's good :)
Do not download this app it has no good songs and only has remixes.
I hate that I can't preview the song before I download it, I don't want some amateur DJ remix of Tom petty, and a lot of the songs I try and download won't download at all
Best I ever had.
Its slow and it keeps freezing my phone up and messing it up. won't download songs cuz it keeps crashing.
My music went to on my SD card.  have the files I downloaded.but not on device. My phone does not read the cards contents but everyone else has tried the card and has the music
Real good app 5 stars. Used it for a couple weeks now haven't had one single problem
Brill,  this app is great! Ideal for music lovers who want a quick and easy download! Not many apps around like this one!                                                                              Hi frostwire,  I am using basic,  and thankyou for replying to my comment. You are totally on the ball with all feedback received! I will inform you of any help needed. Thankyou!
Rad Ride!
Awesome
Won't let you save music files
I can't find any original song, any song i type up its either some dumb remix of the original or something totally different. Uninstalled
It's great... 
The bomb
Until I have tried doing recent downloads. It will not let me download ANY media files. Like, I can download videos for songs, but I just cant get the mp3. It will not download.  I have messed with the settings and still nothing.
When I downloaded it, I got one song. And after I downloaded it, my phone Completely lagged out. It's a brand new phone. I had to Uninstall the app, and after that my music in the default music app on it said "sorry, the player does not support this music file" after I restarted my phone, it worked. I would never download this app again.
This is absolutely a horrible app the music you search comes up in different things as an example search up Beethoven and it will give you rap music I honestly don't recommend getting the app its junk. 
Freezes phone causing me to have to restart my phone alot.
Ok
If you connect your phone to computer or tablet and transfer the songs. Then add to music folder. You wont loose your songs
Bad
It deleted all of my movies I already had downloaded very upset would give it a 0 if I could
Can't download music from YouTube
Songs werent the actual ones
Works good somewhat
I use to love this app since it allowed me to download great music because it also came from youtube but after the update I can never download anymore songs, no matter  if they are old or new smh 
Turned on tablet to watch a show I downloaded, and come to find out all files deleted.  Will change rating when problem is fixed
I would most definitely rate 5 IF in the search settings you add you tube and more to download from that would be great. Please fix like before!
Doesnt find The songs i want
Not working
This app has No good music I tried Sam Smith and nothing came up sane with Katy Perry and Bruno Mars. It's rubbish. I had it then I deleted it and installed it again but the music I had downloaded and had been deleted wasn't there to download. Can't find any good music downloaders. Was tge best and I recommended it to alot of people but now it's rubbish. Plz improve
Love this app use it a lot then our of the blue stoped working Wtf bro
needs auto up date
I hate this app soo much take the app off the app store
It sucks now
I like it but there's a lot of covers or remixes and not original music. There's also a problem where it won't play all of my downloaded songs. It just plays a minute and moves on? Plz fix and I'll give five stars.
Grt app
It finds songs I haven't heard in years :)
I loved this app it gave me all 400 songs in my poweramp Playlist but the recent update sucks ik I see them say something about removing it from YouTube but is there another app that compares to this one are you guys going to fix it an make it better are u guys going to make a better app??I sure miss frost wire.
I download music successfully and it just deletes the songs I downloaded on its own and most of the deleted are my favorites
Terrible
Since latest update and them taking away music downloads from YouTube it sucks. Trying to loads songs keep bringing up errors and now you can't find non-voiceovered copies of songs.
this is very good
every time i search songs d tesults not found or try another option can u answer whats wrong about this app? tnx for ur reply,i deeply appreciate that!! god bless and more power
Awsome
Hadn't had any problems with it
Every time I download a movie I open it up In my gallery and it had n sound
This is supposed to be the best app for music downloading but whenever I search a song and it's artists I'm only getting remixes please fix
It doesn't have any of the songs I like
Only if you delete.  All files go too.
Most songs arent on there or are covers
This app sucks every time I go to download it either says error or acts like it will download then pauses and won't start up again
Worst music app ever! I'd download some new music and then the music I downloaded 10 minutes ago won't work anymore! It's done that since I got it I just didn't realize it! Don't get it! It has a lot of other problems to like downloading random thing on your music that won't work anyway!
After I updated it,now I love it.Good job.Thanks
Great app, has most of the songs\ artists I'm looking for. Only bad thing is most of the songs I've downloaded are remix versions :(
I downloaded this app, and as soon as I launched it it slowed my device to a crippling speed almost made it crash. Needless to say I Uninstaller it right after I shut it down. Not sure what caused it to slow down so much, but my device is extremely clean and has plenty of space. No viruses.
So I got this app (so far so good) then I search up the band Volbeat, and it worked. So I go and search up Soggy Bottom Boys and it constantly loaded for a while. Then I search up Volbeat again to see if it's still was working, then all of a sudden it's said "Band or song doesn't exist." I got so ticked off, yelling in my head "What the heck did it just say,  why did it say that Volbeat didn't exist, after I got done listening to the band like five minutes ago before downloading this crappy app.
Loved this app. Struggled in the beginning with the YouTube predicament that we are all well aware of, and every single time FrostWire provided assistance in downloading the latest version that allowed the access of YouTube files. They deserve this rating. If you are disgruntled over the YouTube.. Or lack thereof, get the plus version, contact FrostWire. They'll help you out, and make sure everything is just right, any poor reviews are not deserved.
Other songs that i like is not here
Whats the point of trying to download a song If u can't listen to see if it's a recording don't download this sucks if u people can fix these stupid parts then let me know
A white dropout person made this
Nioce
Love love love
I love the app i recommend it has album art and everything best quality I just love it
Have a HTC one m8 and when I download the apk from the website it says my phone can't open the file love the app want YouTube back help please downloading with HTC browser not chrome
The songs are rarely from the original creator.
All is good with this app except for one thing,you can't preview the song before downloading it. Upgrade to that option and I'll give it a 5 star.
Its awesome
Constant crashes now.
The best thing ever
I have a about 400 songs and now I've only 118 for there all gone, is there anyway to restore them all back ?
whenever I search for a song, it comes up with remix's,edits and covers it never even has the original version. what's the point in a music downloader app when there are no original songs?
Works nice
I would download music fine but then it.kept.telling me it couldnt find music...very frustrating
I downloaded one song and that worked fine but when i tried to dowload more it didnt work
Hi mom
Loved it need more searches
It only gives remixes of songs and not the original song,
Good but doesnt have the music i want only popular 2005 or newer music is likely to show up
Thanks love it I will tell my friends about frostwire
At first it was good next thing you knew you Coudnt find what you were looking for.
Loved that I can download music but out of know where it starts playing music by itself even after I closed the app
I can't find any songs by the band 10 years....it shows up whenever I type it in the search engine, but then whenever I hit search I get absolutely nothing close to it. Kinda disappointed about that.
love it
It didnt even work right
But sometimes I can't find the video/song I'm looking for
App freezes my whole phone ..
Good
Just to download the app. Is taking forever
Gago
I just got a new phone! I loved frost wire, BUT now that I have my new phone I can't download from it anymore even though I've already install ed the extra things for it!
Awesome just type and download
Just downloaded this app. Why can't you sample the song before downloading? Other apps play a 10-20 second sample. Why doesn't this one.
I really like FrostWire except for the fact it cuts my phone out on occasion and I have to reboot it
No music
Was good till it switched. How do I get frostwire plus?
All the songs I want when I search them they all come up with remixes
It Sucks it deleted all of my music so screw you frostwire
Hi... I want to search the songs that I like.. But when I searched it, it's only Covers and Remix... I can't find the Original w/ the Album Picture... Please fix it... I'll give you 5 Star if you'll fix it.. Thanks! I'm not Angry at all. Just fix it... ^_^
I'm in need of the Adrenaline rushes that it brings upon me when I listen to my rock!! JAMS
Sucks. Cant download or find music like i use to... Go back to old version
this is good but it doesn't have some songs. ehh...
ii like this sh!t
Could be better due to problems sometimes finding songs and cant look up the youtube songs anymore like before
It downloads music including full albums pictures videos including movies with no charge
Wish I could not rate it.  As soon as I started a download it froze and then force closed.  Stupid app
This app sucks. Freezing all the time. Poor song selection. It deserves a zero
cool app!
Cool
This app don't work on my phone... It's slow and won't load the songs.... I used to use this all the time and now it just sucks
Awesome
Worked good for awhile then stopped was it an update maybe
Minutes after installing this app, and downloading 1 song, the app became unresponsive. As I was trying to stop the playing song, my volume, lock, and home buttons stopped working. Phone became frozen, and started opening random apps. This app was the cause of the first battery pull I've had to do on this phone.
You Can get in trouble for dis uknow. Well any ways it's pretty awesome but I'm not down loading anything
Wouldn't download any song.
Wonderful music downloads
So I use this app everyday. I love it. But today it kept crashing and it wouldn't open any songs or videos. It kept saying "sorry cannot play this video" even though I just played the video perfectly yesterday. It did this with all my videos. But when the app works its amazing
Downloaded it and ut worked ok but after a while id download a song and it would say download complete and i cant find it on my device pls fix
Please put youtube search back on
This doesn't work and if you play a song it will freeze and nothing will work and I deleted it and it would still send me emails. It suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:-(
It has every song I like
Frostwire kept freezing and freezing my whole phone when I go to download a song. Not happy
I always used frostwire and now wit no youtube, it sucks
I downloaded it and every song I downloaded wouldn't play .
Love it!!!
Its better
Love this app really works
having trouble with my music files getting deleted, and then having to download them again.
It was okay at first, but now every time I download a song, it freezes after, and I'd have to restart my phone. And it takes forever to download. Sometimes it crashes.
Thank you for this app :) i really appreciate it.
Love it
I'm able to download almost any season of any show, and I've already downloaded a few seasons of South Park that have great quality all the way around. I definitely recommend this app to anyone who wants to download TV shows for free.
This app is OK, it wins by default BC all the other "torrent downloading" apps just take you to Google
I was obsessed with this app. What happened to the YouTube selections? Why are they no longer available?
I seach a song and the original one doesn't pop up ONLY COVERS OF IT :(
So everything thing I tied downloading it just set there a tied to load but nothing ever popped up
App was brilliant now I've updated it my phone keeps crashes and can't get any songs what have you done
Why is that when i search a song only song covers pop-up? I can't find the original song! Please help me. Id rate it 5 stars. Thankyou.
I had this app on my other phone and had no problems. Ended up downloading it on this phone and was only able to download 2 songs then every song i looked for after that it says that there is no content found. Tried multiple times to no avail so im uninstalling and will never use it again
All I'm finding when I look for song is a bunch of remixes and covers
I can download songs but once they're down loaded the app force closes itself and then the song doesn't even appear in my files or my music player. Fix this and I'll give better rating. I love this app and will continue to use it as long as it's fixed.
Like it
Is frostbite illegal because our internet got suspended because of it
So far this app has worked for me well. I can find most songs i want as long as its not brand new. My only complaint is that its hard to find orignal songs. It lists a bunch of lame remixes before the originals, if it even has the originals. If that could be fixed this app would be ideal
I can't search the old songs in this upgraded version specially local songs.
I like this
So I love it because it let me download all  my music back
This app is the best!!! Sometimes
Love it but i hope it will be more better 
its awesome
Can't see transfer dialog for new files... so i can't disable file that i don't want to download :( please fix that.
I downloaded this a few months ago and it worked fine at first. Some songs took a while but they downloaded so I didn't mind this. However, it rarely has new songs and if it does they are '255mb' to download. Now, only really old songs appear and songs in different languages.
I really like it but can you add new movies
I enjoy the app but was forced to remove it because I was unable to remove files from the program o my phone into my hard drive.  I hope that you can assists me in fixing the problem.
Its okay except there is no preview to the download.
It is pretty quick
When I search for songs I'm generally looking for original albums, artists, etc. Instead it pulls up remixes but not the original song. Have you tried using another source besides YouTube? Something that will go hand in hand within the Google play standards?
Hate this app getting a new one had it for a long time then they did something and ruined it
After 10 min to download 1 song app froze. Had to reset phone.
I love this app
1. Maybe try to have music that isn't a remix? I want the original song not DJ Mrkush Remix. And 2. Why can't I play the song before I download it?
I tried to download a song and it took forever plus I tried to to look for another song and all that showed up was an empty page of white
It was all good until just now. It won't let me pick the music i have download.. i tried everything i could do
Yup.
I work sometime
Well by the second song I wanted to download it was froze up... Too busy robbing my info to serve any purpose I guess.. junk..
Does it need wifi to play music
Having problems downloading from YouTube
Deleted all my music
Whenever i try to download a song it tells me to try new words and then if i put the song name in correctly it gives me the remixes why ?
I was downloading movies and know it won't download anything can u help me
Best music downloader by far!
So all the sudden i cant get anything to download at all. I downloaded the "better version" off the internet, but it was all the same. I put 5 because i realy ENJOYED this app.
Worth it
Every time I opened the app after my first two searches it would freeze and I would have to exit to home screen and wait 5 minutes for it to exit or reset my phone. Using the droid maxx
The app was working fine I was getting fast downloads and being able to download everything I wanted, but now everything I search and try to download, it won't allow me to please fix and the rating will go back to a 5.
Takes for ever to search no matter how strong of a connection there is. Hardly ever downloads the real song and it really slows my phone down!
You guys should add the ability to preview music
After you download this app, they tell you "sorry. This app doesn't work! Now you need to download Firefox, then our other app, then the package download" and it's way too much. Even after all that it doesn't do anything. Total waste of time
joss!!
It doesn't even know any good artists it sucks
I downloaded a few songs and everytime i cut my phone off after the download i would have to go download them again and it got irritating
Just horrible slows down my phone
Could not download any movies or songs that I wanted I was waiting for five minutes be for it said could not find
I can't even download latest songs
nice
App doesn't have any good music
Im really helped
i started to hate this application coz everytime i search song alway error wtf!
It has some problems like no,more youtube what the heck why no YouTube?
I love this app
I was looking for songs to practice with and u have to have keywords but it still it only has new songs like they need more older music plz and it gets me mad Bc when u find the song ur looking for and u try to listen to it this thing comes up and says u can't play this audio like don't have it on there if its not going to work
When I pressed the download button it does not appear in the transfers
i have downloaded alot of music. and i have a few songs that i listen to all the time untill a few days ago it wouldnt let me listen to it anymore. it shows its downloaded but some songs wont play. whats the issue? it would be 5 stars but that problem is hindering that 5 star rating. if the issue persists i will uninstall this app. fix it soon!!!
Its good let me download quite a few songs but now it keeps redownloading this song that I already downloaded and if I delete the data for that it deletes all of my songs for that artist
Downloads music quickly and neatly, and I haven't been disturbed by adds.
So frustrating there are only remixes to most of the songs I want I'll rate it five when that changes
Good music OLD school
It worked good before and out of nowhere it wont let me search since that thing about youtube. Please fix is were i get all my music
I awesome it let's me download any song
Love it
This is the best app I ever have that's work perfect in both ways it's a good app blue studios phones both music vedios and any show this app is real u should have a five thousands mark instead of five stars its the best.
Love This App,Great app
It does what it says
Not only did they not have any of my songs but they didn't have any of my YouTube videos :(
Loved limewire then it became illegal to use thanks so much for making frostwire legal
I wanted a music downloaded and it downloaded a song I didn't want and when I tried to stop it it doesn't work I wanted music this doesn't get you music
It wont let me even download the app from the app store from Google play store
All the songs I've searched seem to be covers of the ones I want, it would be much better if the songs could be from the original aritst aswell ad some covers. Overall it's quite good, better than most free downloaders.
this app is the best apps iv ever got I highly recommend this  its  great and its VERY VERY fast when download defenetly recamended this app love it
I downloaded a lot of song and it didn't need any credit card information, yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Every song I have downloaded has either glitched out, added additional songs I have NOT wanted, or not play in general. If this gets fixed, maybe filter out wherever you download all of this stuff, fix it and I'll fix my rating. (Right now, for instance, a song changed when it hadn't even gotten to 1:00!! Ugh.)
frostwire plus new updates is worst ever, it make my phone stuck please fix it!
Nice app but too many remixes n covers and not enough originals. It's a nice app but sometimes the songs I download don't even go to my phone is says can't find file
Buena aplicacion
It works  it is a great app to find any song you want to download.
Thanks FrostWire for letting us users get FrostWire plus absolutely free it's a lot better!
Music is disappeared and i can't get it back
Lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag
It doesnt let me download music it says dowloading then i go look for another song then it stops downloading
It's an awesome app
I've had frostwire for 6 months now and never had a problem with it until I did the latest upset. Now the app freezes constantly and I get little to no results in the search. It's pointless to have now. Fix the problem and I'll give a better rating.
Sucks
Really good app get it 
Doesn't work half the time
Everything works till I move it to my SD card then the songs won't  play or play thirty seconds and it just keeps redownloading the same ones over and over
I loved this app now its giving me problems deletes songs that I just downloaded I have to download the same songs everyday
I downloaded the app it was freezing so much it took a few minutes just to scroll through.
Mean
Gots my jamsss
This is so frustating my downloaded videos were gone and i was so dumbfounded..could you please fix this immediately
Cant find many songs i care for.
Bc you guys got rid of YouTube vids in results it means there are only sound cloud covers not the original. Will be switching app if not fixed
I heard it was really good from a friend and when I tried it the only version of a song I was looking for was a piano cover. I was looking for the original version
It downloads fast even on my pos phone.
I tried to download the APK version of this from my Samsung Galaxy S3 multiple times but every time I click on the link in the drop box thingy at the top of my phone and it says 'cannot open file'. I really want to download music, help!!
Ok
I love it and it's 100 better than any other app!!
I loved is so good
Music is my life
Just got it and it is so far the absolute best music downloader available. Fast, wide range of songs, free
Muy bueno
Can't find any songs I'm looking for
great variety of music to download
I liked this app but it keeps on freezing my phone and won't work as well as it used to...please fix this
Doesn't let you see the song your downloading. Have to guess if its the right song. This app sucks!!!!!
I downloaded it because of its decent reviews....on my first download my phone froze then shut off on me....really disappointed
It awesome
I loved it then it started going really slow when downloading so I deleted it and redownloaded it to see if it would work better and it didn't. It took a full hour to download 1 song!!
The database search covers most nooks and crannies. You just don't find that anywhere.
When you find something you want it either doesn't play, not available, or not by the actual artist.
So far ok
Not only can I get songs but I can get albums or all albums. With album Covers this is great will recommend to anyone
This app was amazing when I downloaded it and I couldn't be happier until it suddenly crashed and never let me download anything again...
Perfect
Ussd to work great now it shuts down all the time when I start it up again it shuts down immediately very disappointed was one of my favorite apps gonna give it one more chance if it dosent make me happy I will uninstall and never donate to frostwire again. Will have to try pirate bay if it shuts down like it's been doing everything works great now thank you frostwire
This is the best music down loader you can get.  Believe me I have downloaded most of them.  They all suck.  This one has downloaded every song I wanted.  You just can't preview it before you download but so far the quality is good and no covers.  Good app so far.
Loved this app until the YouTube files were removed, now this app is garbage
i can't search new music !
It makes my phone really slow
Gets the job done music wise
A loved one song in t
Good night
I can't find but two songs for any artist I look up then I can't download the music I do find
Love it awesome
Takes up wayyyyyy too much space but it has every song
Its awesome.easy to download its very fast takes less than or equal to 15 mins(all the time less than 10 mins)it is nice. Free
Dont have the music to dowload
App was working great until today when i download a song it freezes my phone making it hard to power cycle it.....so i uninstalled it
Do not waste it time
So I downloaded this app and I was loving it and even downloaded some movies and then out of nowhere it deleted a file 700 mb without my order CAN YOU TELL MY WHY THIS HAPPENED AND HOW TO PREVENT FURTHER DELETION OF ANY OF MY FILES BC THIS IS AS FRUSTRATING AS IT CAN GET GRANTED MY INERNET CONNECTION IS not that fast. And thank you.
Jessie and airi
Une application qui ne  vaux pas la pein
Use to work awesome now you can't even find the song you want anymore. When you go to search the song you search for doesn't even pop up other songs do.. 
This app is so cool
Used to be the best music downloading app available, you could literally find almost any music you could think of. Since the last 2 updates however, it has slimmed down the search results extremely, and the results Im getting have absolutely nothing to do with the search words Im using. Before the updates, this was a 5 star app. Now, it is absolutely worthless. Im keeping it just a bit longer to hope they fix it back with an update, but in the state it's in right now, it's absolutely useless.
Just really buggy and seems cheaply made
Easiest torrent app ever
no youtube no rate up
Ku
Herr
Well I gotta say I'm impressed with this app and I've only had it for about 10 minutes... I got to download 2 songs that weren't offered from any other song downloading apps. Thank you:)
It's good but I like the way it was beffor
Most incredible app love it
I have a HTC one m8 with android 5.0L with sence 6. I've noticed the app has been slow and even made my phone totally lock up to where I had to soft reset. I haven't had these issues before. I loved frostwire so much I've sent everyone I know your way. Please help me.
I can  NEVER find the ORIGINAL song or person that sings it!!!! Its all stupid covers and remixes!!!!! NO ONE CAREWS TO HERE OTHER PEOPLES STUPID VOICES OR REMIXES!!! WE WANT THE ORIGINAL!!!!!!!!!!! DONT GET THIS APP PLEASE
Its ok just slows down my phone and you cant hearth the song before you download it
This app actually worked but now the new update makes this app a pain in the butt. Uninstall ing!
I click on download, it says complete and it doesn't download!!! Baaah!!!
Just an API for SoundCloud like all the other self proclaimed mp3 downloading apps and call it their own company...
I tried to download one song and it said that it had, but then it couldn't find the file anywhere so I couldn't play it
Lately it hasn't been downloading my music and just sits there and I wait and wait but never downloads
It's nice to have this app. On my phone i will reccomend this to my friends... 
Though
I can't even find the songs or anything. I'm sick of all these apps that don't work so people don't waste  your time trying to download it.
It's awesome to
This will mess ur phone  up
Try it know works great five stars
Love... Love...Love I just love this app
Need a better organization for search windows
It has its problems but it's good I like it
Does not let you preview songs. And their data size is way to big
Can't download original songs.
It lags a lor
Good app
Plus it didn't have any of the 3 songs I searched
Love it
I can't listen to the song b4 downloading it? All the other MP3 download let me listen 1st,  that way I don't get crappy cover songs or part songs,  I want the actual artist & song & all of it.  Had frostwire b4 long time ago thought maybe u had changed,  
out of the 5 songs i downloaded only 3 work and one isnt the right song but its ok. not alot of songs pop up though
Forgot this app.i look up one song its cool.then i look up lil wayne and it spins forever.seriously!!a music app that doesnt know lil wayne.if i could put zero stars i would!complete waste of time!frostwire eat s##t and die!!
I Was Looking For Trap Queen And It Only Showed Covers Or Remixes. But I Searched Falling In Reverse And Got Almost All Of Their Songs..
Idk what the update did, but roll it back. I've had this on phones and my desktop, but something is wrong now.
Love it
WON'T EVENT LOAD START UP SCREEN IT MADE MY PHONE CRASH 10 TIMES FIX IT
I really like it. It's an awesome app! I've had it before just that now I have a tablet, hope it works when I used to have my phone. The best part about this app is when you don't have WiFi, you can still enjoy ur music .... Thanks for the app! Great work! 
It has no sound when I download
Just need youtube version still trying to get it correctly?
Works great and has the latest songs  ; )
It crash my HTC m8
I like that this is one of the only apps that will let you search and download but having issues finding songs.
I haven't had a problem with it not downloading any music. But I don't like that you can search the band and a bunch of cover artists will show up. If I wanted covers I'd say so I just want to download Modest Mouse songs that are actually Modest Mouse,
Cant find everything however not bad selection
We need youtube downloads back!
Once you download a song it isn't in your my music list uninstalling
App
Perfect bun bum bum
I love this app but whenever I open my web browser it takes me straight to frostwire  :(
Sucks
Stopped downloading from you tube. Cannot find anything I wish to download and for that reason I'm going to give a big fat 1.. If problem solved ill change my opinion  upon receipt of this.
NOTHING I searched had any results. I used to be able to fine what I was looking for... not anymore
Don't get me wrong, i love this app! Its just when I search up songs to put in my playlist, rarely I'll find the actual song. 80% of the time I just find a cover by some random person, or a remix of the song, and its getting really annoying! Please fix this!!
Hi everyone i knw we r all angry that they ended the youtube download bt its nt their fault. Its just like some terms hve to be obeyed... And yh i guess if u want it you should just go to the link they gave and download the new version. I am using it and it allows youtube downloads. So ppl out their reducing their stars lets just download thenew version. And to u frostwire software developers i love you app thanks for making it.
One the best app I ever downloaded so far, Fast, easy and very useful!
Wow
Love it defantly download it now
When I search song can't find original versions of songs
I wish the update didn't take out the YouTube search because with the YouTube search, i found all my songs i was looking for...more i use s different app...sorry
the best
Is there a way I could search for youtube videos again  the newest version won't work
Awesome
Not good unlike before! Why what happened?
Yeah you can download music but it constantly crashes my entire phone and i cant fix it other than deleting this app that i got 5 minutes ago
I just want to say to the FROSTWIRE COMPANY AND FROSTWIRE. COM THANKS YOU MAKE ME SMILE EVERY DAY
Dam good app
My network patent that
If I search a band I like all I get is DJ remixes and it's just stupid, I can't get any song that I want and it's just useless
Its alright
It's pretty good but I don't like how u can't preview a song before u download it
Why can't I listen to the song before I download it?!
this app is really good but the problem is... after I downloaded the song & play it.. still good.. & a few minutes ago when im trying listening with a same song... It cant play it anymore..
This app has my phone running to slow
It takes a lot of time to get the app
Cant get YouTube searches
Its good but could be better
It works but i havent learend how to use it well
Fuck as my shit
Music is good and injoyful
I'm not liking the update try look up a artist and doesn't show up..
Everything
At first this app was amazing! But something happened and no matter what I search it doesn't give me any songs from YouTube source and those are the best quality ones,
It is okay but it make my phone frez up don't like that at all. I will like it fix plz
Fav music!!!
All my data was being used for this app and i wasnt even using it. Now i got to pay for going over my data
Search engine sucks. Hard to find songs. The MP3 sounds like it was recorded by a cell phone. Too many covers.
AWESOME
I didn't get anything I searched for. This app is filled with covers and 'DJ mixes'. This app is absolutely horrible!
Hi
Can't find any music
Y too many remixes
Almost ruined 2 phones getting this app. It makes my phone glitchy first it was the galaxy s5 thought the phone was just messing up then got the note 4 and got this app again and my phone started doing it again. Stay away from this app.
Its da bomb. Boom im lovin it like mikky d's
Love it got all the songs i want and fast to download
Tnx 4 this application:-)
You're boy littemash is here and man is this a great and awesome app you can hear this music even  offline its awesome and great 10/10 no joke bruh
Used to be a sweet app, now I try to just search for a song or video, and search results are empty. What crap did you ppl do to this once awesome app?? Whatever u did, it is JUNK now.
I wanted to download "muse-supremacy" i found a video game version. AND IT'S SO COOL!!
One question I've always wanted to know, why did it get changed from lime wire?
It froze up  my whole phone and I was very disappointed.  It worked for the first 2 min then froze my phone up
I can't say anything!
Wondering if it will ever be like it was before removing YouTube?! PLEASE go back to like before!
When I try to download a song I heard on the radio before. I get the version that's not from the artist but some wannabe that sings over the songs music. I think I have the song until I realize it's someone else and not the artist that originally did the song.
Allows me to download all my favorite songs.  Thanks for an awesome app!!!   :-)
Best app in history
Would give more if it didn't give my phone a virus:/
The first time I started using this app it had lots of links from youtube now there is no links from youtube
Getting better I must say
please bring back lime wire everything else sucks
Best video doenloader
I've just downloaded this app not to long ago. Have had some minor problems  but overall I'm able to fine the songs that i couldn't find with any other app and it's pretty easy too. 
I a free that this is the best app for music because Pandora doesn't always give what u want and on frostwire you could down load it and listen to it with out internet
Doesn't have all songs I want
This is the best app I've used and this app is beast
Didn't get the songs I wanted.
Ok so ive tried downloading sevral songs but they never pop up in my music play some of them did like the first three but ever since them none of them have downloaded
Sazid
Instantly made my phone slow and unresponsive. Will not download again.
Some of my songs were gone after I finished downloading them. If you could fix it, I might give a 5 star. But if you don't, I'll uninstall this
good
Great Downloader...
Torrents. Magnetic links. Searches. Downloads.
Diss onryy
This app is great, don't give it a low rating due to copyrighted material, that's not something they can change! They have a huge selection of every genre! Nice job!
Is there any way to listen to the song before downloading it? Thanks.
This app was god but then eventually started to crash. Don't get it!!
Loved the app a few months ago but now can't find any of the songs I want.
I found all my music and they're all in pretty good quality..
Couldn't really up load songs I really wanted but I did get plenty of ofters so it's ok I would recommend frost wire to a friend :-)
Sucks
The wrong artist pops up and not enough music
It sucks. I can't download any music at all!
It suked
Nice
It's horrible u can't test the song to see if it's a horrible fan remix I wasted I think a WHOLE GIG ON Uptown funk and I didn't even get the real song HORRIBLE
Love it!
Does nothing but open your phone to everyone else...
Every phone I get first app I downloaded is frostwire  because this is a great for music
Used on all my phones but wont work on this one.   I download the extra peace and cant open it so no music is showing up
Still having freezing issues and I can't find a lot of the older songs that I like
Doesnt have the songs i want
Wish I found all music I searched for but great app....
Best one yet
It used to give me music to download off of youtube it no longer does that now
I can find the song but can't download?  Why?
Awesome
The music u want is not there
It doesn't have any songs that I actually want and have downloaded off of here before
I like this app but lately its been making me mad. All the songs are remixes or covers now you can rarely find an original version
It valid
This app went from awesome to useless thanks for wasting my time!!! I paid for spotify instead best thing ever!!!
works perfectly, I can download things from songs, full albums, to movies. thanks! (:
I used to love this app! But since I updated it, a lot of my music goes from the "my music" section (undownloads) and reappears in the "Transfer" section. So I thought, no big deal, I'll redownload it. Except, now none of it is download when I try to Resume my transfers. Even  with new searches. Please fix or I will be resorting to another app.
Really easy and fast and u can easily download songs
I love frost wire love it
People upload their shity freestyle as the real song. Stop it just stop
I was actually excited for downloading it since i was reading the comments,  but when i try to look for the song it didnt come out. And when i wanted to play it , it wont let me.
I search  a song and it won't find it And I tried getting the new version but I can't  so yhea I really don't want to delete it but I just might have to
U have to dig for the real songs and there is no preview
Yall scared of Google play rules okay  that's why everybody deleting this including me
I downloaded like 10 movies and then as I watched one movie. I noticed that a few of the movies weren't in my library. I thought nothing of it and then I watched another and then same thing a few more movies were gone. Now I only have one movie left. I haven't deleted the app or any files. The folders for each movie is still in my files but the actual movies are gone.
I dont know what happened, frostwire used to be excellent.  I dont know what did they do..now i cant get any search results.. searching for songs leaves no result.. they should of left it alone! It was FINE the way it was before, it sucks now!!
Never gave me the song i wanted. Always a weird version.. sound quality was horrible
Don't find the right songs
Just a bunch of junk.
It will not let me search any songs. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times and still wont work. And when i do try to download a song it wont show that it is downloading and will never download. I never thought i would end up hating frostwire but i do
Good job you smart people (:
No music
Laggy as fuck,too many random shit cant find what i want fuck this trash app.
I like the appt I just wish it would give me an option to listen to a preview before downloading the song. Every time I look up a song it gives me a thousand remixes and I have to download a few before I can find the original version.
No good
This app sucks now........thanks alot a holes
Great app, but if i type a specific song title(specially those with long titles) it just shows retry please help me out wth this, but besides that its the best downloader i've tried so far,keep it up,
Good
How can YU be sure that it the song YU want before YU download it?? I downloaded two songs and it wasn't what I wanted.. I wished I could preview the song before I download the jacked up versions
Frostwire
They Had None Of The Music I Searched.
It was 10 times better with the YouTube download option. But taking it out, I can't get what I'm looking for.
It finds the songs fine it just won't download them
Frostwire is awesome! Same downloader I am using in laptop and phone! Updated with new top songs too. What i loved the most was whenever there's a complaint, Frostwire instantly replies back to fix anything. I haven't seen Frostwire plus though. Was it necessary to have it? Anyway, great job! And keep it up!
Always worked for me...but now i cant even download my music and the youtube search that was always there to save the day isnt there anymore either
This app made my phone glitch so much and I have no idea why. As soon as I downloaded 1 song my phone started to glitch like crazy and I had to undownload right away.
Awesome! I was able to download ny fave song! LOVE IT!!!!
This app is great but drains by battery so quick. Why? Anyone else have this problem?
How come when I search for an artist and a song and I start typing it gives me the full name but then it says..not found?
I easily find a song with authentic album covers! It's really nice to hear music with album art on it. There are downloaders wherein there is no any album art. Goodjob!
U can't get YouTube downloads or nothing I look up for a song and won't find it this app used to be the best but now I can't find nothing on it...
Never find what i want what's a good up to date music app ppl
The app made my phone crash 4 times
I loved this app but now i cant find anything.  It dont give me any results no more please fix!
This app keeps crashing mid search. I'll get maybe the first ten results before the screen goes black and stops responding . Can you fix this?
I downloaded several songs that just wont work... and after the download is complete, the file isn't even in the folder that its supposed to be, its like nothing happened at all...
Tried three different songs. Nothing.  Not off the wall stuff either. Pop ups all up in it.
Good
Thank you for this. Just downloaded my favs music. 
It's a really good app but for some reason some of the music will not work anymore can you please fix?
Hell did frostwire get rid of the youtube grrr
Terrible takes up way to much space per song
The music I download is so fast
I love the app but it won't let me download anything. I still give it 5 stars
I absolutely love this app it's amazing
App is useless!!
Its fun and awesome
Great!!
Doesnt find much and DRAINS 30% battery. Stays on all the time!
It used to work but now it just have up like today i looked up love the way you lie and it gave me it but in a really fast talking and it doesn't even sound like reana or however you spell it please fix i really don't want to regret ever liking frostwire. In now i regret using it nothing will pull up. Downloading music type things that i had this is the worst
Great app but the YouTube search engine quit working
Bring back the YouTube sources,the others suck.
B
I can't find any korn songs. This app needs more music.
He
This app is pathetic. Can't even find popular songs let alone anything else. You'd get zero if I could..
can you make it so we coild preview the song on the same page instead of going to a diffrent page
Reliable,
This app is the real deal. The first search I did was a success!! I highly recommend this app!!!!
Booooo
When u tryin to download the real song its somebody else  jive self tryin to rap
I love love loveee  this app most music apps say "downloading" and then it doesn't even show up but this one works !! Thank uuuuuuuu
Just find another app. Dont waste your time.
Great
I used to be able to download any song and now it doesn't find any song i want.
I have downloaded many songs from this app it has no problems.Get downloded very fast and has no adds everyone must download it. :)
I hate it
Wanted real songs, only got crap alternatives. Waste of time
Took of YouTube hate t now smh
Once I updated this app I found every song I wanted! Very fast downloading speed and the sound quality is impeccable!!! Music is key to my survival lol so thanks for updating and addressing any issues promptly!
Absolutely sucks. As soon as i opened it, it froze my phone.
What happened to YouTube songs bc I always downloaded there versions. Bring it back or I'll find songs else where
I download this and it deleted all I had 64 gigs of music and movies
Stopped working suddenly. Then Started telling me that in order to get more search results I need to download another app..even after downloading it it still would give me less than 3 results per search! Ugh
thank you for your reply I tried the sd card unmount and it still says that I can only save to internal memory so I'll email ya all other then that keep rocking on frostwire is the best!!! thank you for making my love for music so much easier to have with me on all my devices!!
It doesn't have the songs you want
Definitely not worth downloading.
Would be better if you could listen to songs before downloading.
Not that good
Well made app that looks and feels very professional. Has songs that my other music apps didn't find. Loving it so far!
Great
The songs wont download. After the download completes it shows error5005 written .
Such a crummy download dont bother
Super good
Back in business all the songs I want
Not all songs on here
Couldn't just play ...forced to download. Uninstalling
Downloads
Every time I want to download a song there's always these f***ing remixes of dj's  f***ing up the original song and you can't find the original either
Great app, seems like you can download whatever you want from here. Love it. I understand the reason why youtube had to be taken down, I still enjoy the app thoroughly. Thanks
Never finds any songs or artists. Popular ones too, CCR, pink, no doubt...like come on. This is for music how about get a better search engine I never find anything I'm looking for.  Suuuper crappy
This app is awesome I'm having no troubles its coo 
I'm speech less...
Great music app recommend it becareful don't get to attached to it
We Wil see
Very good and fast without any problems
Good app
Found the song I wanted so I'm happy (BAD BLOOD!)
It used to be awesome I could find just about anything I searched for but lately alot of my searches come up with no results & the app constantly shuts down also my phone started getting real slow & acting stupid lately I think it's from this app
It froze my phone
It could be better if it let you listen to the song before you download it
The music pops up fine when it comes to get what you want its when you find an song and its right there popping up in the tool bar in front of your face and stills say retry searching.
Not bad but limited...song
good
I just want music.
Tried to find the song I want,but absolutely nothing.all covers, please fix this I don't want to download covers and remixes
So they fixed the YouTube problem now I accidentally played a song from the app instead on my phone's library and the art from that song won't get off my lock screen. Its annoying af
Great
Sucks don't waste ur time. You cannot find any sounds I have looked for a song by Maxwell and a song by Ciara all I see is ppl's sorry remixes all I want is the song ok if u have ppl remixes but have at least 1 copy of the song .... Have seen way better downloaders
Love this app works great with Frostwire plus download Frostwire plus from Firefox
Amazing grace
Tired OF COVER songs! I DON'T want cover songs I want the real songs. ..
It keeps crashing
It's hard to find music, only more mainstream songs were able to be found. But if you into that then this is the app for you.
I love this app and told everybody to download it but I haven't even opened it since an update ruined my search capabilities I used to go on youtube and copy the URL so I could download the video.. Update after receiving a response directly from frostwire i understand appreciate the response and recommend this app love it..
Had to go online to reinstall to get search results but now it won't down load anything from Hellyeah and I don't why. Fix it for a better rating I used to really it...
It worked great , then stopped , now works again . Best music downloader out there . Won't need to worry any more
What happened to the YouTube option
The best music app thanks for this company thanks a lot keep up
I have always loved this app
Very convenient to use,..it's so easy
Dont u look on this and download this app right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a good app but I have been experiencing some search difficulties but other than that it is the best one I have had so far.
Who ever made this app r genius
Very good and fast
I'd give this app 5 stars if they wouldn't make their app your default player. Everytime I get into my car my Bluetooth syncs as usual and this app takes over my default music player for my phone. I do not like that only bc this app doesn't have all my music only recent downloads. If they would allow that in the settings to remove as "taking over my default player" I'd change to 5 stars!
Was a 5 till it stop searching everything, I used to get it from YouTube through frostwire but now its not an option wtf fix it
Good
Its amazing, so easy to use!!!
Idkk if im doing this rightt.. but it says I can get YouTube back?! On the Frostwire Plus?! And that ik of I downloaded it but it's still not working :(...... pleasee help me... I really miss this app
This app is great I can download any music I want I give u 5 stars
0 songs
This one is better than the other downloaders. Simple to use and very handy to those music enthusiatst.
No more to say!
Best hai
Crashed my phone instantly
Good
Awesome application for when you're feeling a bit frosty and when you need to cool down and unwind kick your feet up and relax while wire and frost do the rest.
Downloaded one song. Started playing it and it completely froze my phone. Had to pull the battery to restart it.
I just downloaded it and can't get it to download anything and my 3G is working fine please help
I love how every song is free!
I can't play any of my music. I've done what I can and it refuses to play.
It is very good app
Even with so many search engines you still won't be able to find the song your looking for.
Me happy, app good, LOL!
I'm thirteen yo and just did a favor for my parents. I deleted their last crappy music downloader and downloaded this one. (Due to the fact that it has good reviews). I searched Beautiful In White (Wedding song) to download for their anniversary. It took a while to search in the music section. A number popped up on the movies section and in boredom, I went there. And it completely made me rate this a 1 star. I SAW UNNECESSARY P*R*. (The song's completely innocent. I promise.) You guys need to filter things.
Minimal flaws but still 9 stars for me. Kudos! Keep it up! 
Results are few and far. I'm extremely disappointed
It was sooooo good at first but now it doesn't even find songs.
No matter what I look for I can always find it on here I tried other sites and it was always a hassle I would recommend this to a friend
Nothing works. There is no more results for even the simplest song.
Frostwire has always been great and will always be the only app I'll use on my phone or laptop!
Horrible search results, horrible sound quality
Hate it
I can look up any song and it's there no problems
Froze my phone. If you music save to SD card and delete the app, it deletes all the music
Just like every other app.. you don't have "cece winans worthy" even YouTube don't play it.. just useless!
It would not let me play all the songs I downloaded. Fox it or take the app off here.
Duh
Awesome app. Amazing. I dowlaoded a huge amount of songs. When I try to scroll down to the out her ones it keeps going back up. Please fix this
a little bit problem the video is blurd
Its a good app dont get me wrong, but i wish it had more songs i was looking for and it would show who the song is by. Because i keep finding songs with the same ne and there not the right ones.
Great app
Always up to date with my new music
It worked good but now it won't find any songs I look for and it only loads random things that aren't even songs
Awesome
This is the best  I wanted to support you frost wire till I update  it and it doesn't want to download I was going to give my money to you per month
This is fast downloading it has all the songs I look for I jam out all the time now my Lil sis even loves it lol 
I used to have no problems with this app. Now no results come up in basic searches. When I download songs extras will end up in my list, that I didn't want. Corrupted files, etc...
Garbage app for music
I've noticed this a lot with music downloaders they only have the covers of songs
Until they took all the YouTube downloads off. Now it sucks
thank you for this
Every song I look up its not the songs so crapy remix like going dow for real is not real at all plz fix dat
I like to use a different music player and hate that this starts everytime I get in my car. I have to close this then start the other. Please add a setting to disable this.
it's takin forever just for me to download the app. just imagine how slow it gone be when it finally download...... i need a good app that download music and a playlist!!!
it was pretty good until out of nowhere it made a turn for the worse. I can't even find the most basic popular  songs.  you can search a song and it'll pop up on the search  before you even finish typing it. sounds good right? u select the song you're searching for and would get only 4 results with NONE of them being what you're looking for. smh this app is a BUST. don't believe me? search john legend- glory and watch what u get. enjoy a good laugh while you're at it.
When i look a song up it gives me the song i want.It is very fast.I love this app!!!!
Sweet
Before i download something I listen to the music but it wouldn't let me so I had to download it then listen to it if it wasn't then one I had to delete it then do it all over again but it does work
I am having issues recently with downloading a song by a certain singer then it will download other songs that I didn't download. Not really liking the feature if it is one. None of the things I download say full album so fix that and I will give it five stars.
Very good
Was only given bad covers on SoundCloud. No thanks. *Once I disabled Sound Cloud there were no results for it otherwise.
Not able to download apps on android
I'm been using it for a long time and I got of music ya should download it rlly does work this frost wire
Could no longer download YouTube vids but the instructions on their website are great to get around that issue
Its ok
Awesome thanks for making this!
Used this in every phone I have...  It works great gives me everything I look for and since I figured out how to go around the OS to make sure I lose nothing it's even better keep it up guys....  Although sometimes it does freeze n act funny I just wait patiently cause I love it
It hasn't found any of the common artists I've searched. (Colt Ford, Jellyroll, Jason aldean. .) So until fixed I have uninstalled.
Worked fine for the CD's! But now that I'm downloading a Video, the core keeps shutting down! I have to keep going back into settings & turning it back on!
Nice app. But no thanx. Eks n sucker vi afrikaanse treffers n hierdie een doen dit net ni vi my ni. Ds nogal n gesukkel om een op te spoor wat beide afrikaans n engelse songs kan oplewer
I relly love this app! I ve been searching for a app like this but why does it take a 180 mg to download a song? Why does it have to be so much?
Starting to lose a lot of the searches from soundcloud and stuff, super wack
Best
Awesome app
I think id have to say very well developed
Mb
Great app
You'll get a lot of remixed songs and not alot of song you want.
Can't find any songs
Can't find any music
Awesome app only problem is really slow but that could be my internet but I still got my favorite song chicken fried
Ever single music I like. I can listen and play games and text people and litening to it without Internet.
I want to hear original artist only. Im uninstalling this fake singer crap
It keeps erasing songs from my SD card.  I don't like it no more   its garbage!! Until I updated it. This app doesn't deserve 5-stars or no stars at all!!
Idk why you guys are complaining about but its working so fine :D
Javier
I will put 5 stars when u put more music on here I used to download a lot of songs on here like three days Grace I can't find it anymore and it sucks so you guys will get 5 stars when you put more music on frostwire
This app used to pull up music videos! Now it flat out sucks! It doesn't pull up the music video I search for then boots me off! Pull yourselves together MAN and fix it! When something is working. .LEAVE IT ALONE!!!!
Thank you
Great
Now it's terrible. Used to be perfect. Doesn't play, download and erased 75 percent of my saved songs on my sd card. To bad it automatically updated. Ruined a perfect app. 4g Android kitkat
I loved it super &lt;3
Don't bother with horrible selection, slow download and lack of availability.
It goes straight to my downloads, has cover photos, great quality. 10/10 would recommend
Its great but... the songs I look for aren't the originals. They are all remixes for some reason, plz add more of the originals
Just wish there were more songs on there honestly but other then that it's great
I was trying to download flashlight and it didnt want to play so pist off
This app is awesome
Thankful here ;)
Disappointed that I can't listen to what I'm downloading before I download it. Always a nice way to make sure I'm getting what I want and not some random file.
I wouldn't even have given you one Starr. This is the dumbest app ever.
Bull
Issue has been fixed =)
Love it
I got a one plus one phone and when I open this app my phone start to over heat causing my phone to lag, please fix this.
Great
Music is everything 
I love this app I don't have to pay to listen to any music and I don't run out of skips like on Pandora and other apps the only thing I don't like about it is that sometimes my other ring tones are in my music. .
There's way to many covers and remixes popping up when all I want is the original:(
Poo
Still my favourite
It's okay wish it had more results
I can't download any song's !! -_-
Lover
I have been using Frostwire for years and decided about a year ago to install it on my phone. I would've given a 5 star rating, however now that the YouTube comparability is gone, Frostwire is no worthless. With that said, if YouTube was brought back the ratings would be different, but I guarantee that the 1 star ratings will continue coming. Not a smart strategy.
Does not have the songs I'm looking for
YOUTUBE! ! YOUTUBE! ! YOUTUBE! ! Everyone say it to cause it ain't nothing without it. YOUTUBE! !YOUTUBE! ! YOUTUBE! ! YOUTUBE! !
Video takes long to load
Can't find you tube  music IT SUCKS!!!!
They have no good music. Dont waste your time
The movies are good quality but they disappear off my phone after a couple of days and i have to re download them and not sure why.  Will give 5 stars if fixed.
it was amazin not amy more
It's ok. It has songs that i want, but it doesn't have the one song im looking for. It has covers of the song, but not the artist itself. So, *sigh*, it's alright. But try to get that fixed or something.
Music downloads
Go to YouTube if u want YouTube this for movies music games apks
all I can see is cover -_-
It can't download
Not bad not great
Awesome
It didn't have any songs
This is a 5 star with Youtube on it please bring it back
Its the coolest music downloader ever
Lame
Frostwire used to be amazing with it's selection of YouTube videos but I understand why you had to remove it. I however have run into a problem that ruins this for me, I have gone to the site tgat features plus and I have downloaded it but once I have had it for about an hour it reverts to it's youtubeless form.... I have removed this version from my phone but that hasn't helped :( If you guys could figure out if there is a way to fix this I would be very happy! But fixing my persons problem isn't your jobs
Music app
I have a broken !!!
I loved it
I like it so much
This the best one yet
Sucks dog dick the search doesnt work everytime i try bout to uninstall
It was doing great my favorite app but now all of a sudden it won't let me download anything now
Hoping work good
It is amazing I get to download all the songs I want
Awesome but don't have all songs
I CAN'T STAND PLAYSTORE ANYMORE, NO MUSIC DOWNLOADING APPS WORK AND THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST!!!IM GETTING A IPHONE...
When i first used it...it worked but then it started just messing up asking for different key words over and over and when i tried a different key word it would erase it and ask again
After the update of the app it become worst now no music i can download now
All night I've been up just trying to get some tunes and not a single app on this ENTIRE STORE has the ability to simply download ANYTHING. This is completely ridiculous, every single app is just the same it says "hey we download music right onto your phone" but really none if them do anything at all, its either a really nice app except there's a ton of strings attached or its a free, sloppy diqusting app that seems to do nothing what so ever, like this one for example.
A good one here and there but most are crap and downloads random other songs on its own
No more Youtube
It is so cool
............
Like it
this app slays
Yguy
Use to be my best app but now it keep telling me there is no results for any of the song I look up every time
You messed it up now I can't download anything y'all should of left it alone
Did not have any songs!!
Sooo much better than Google Play Music, lets you download music directly to SD Card, and sound quality is great!
I don't like not being able to preview the music
I really liked it before, but now it just sucks.
It doesn't know anything I type in
It does not have the songs I want it used to have my favorite songs but when I search moriah Peters you carry me it does not show up help me
They say to download the Plus version to still have YouTube results but that only works until the app is then updated from here. Disabling auto update only works for a time & then it eventually updates & you're back to the shite version from on here. I've had it with this, uninstalled & using a different torrent downloader now.
( ,_ )
It doesn't give me the songs that I want
I tried downloading "thats not my name" and when it was done I was so excited to listen to it but when I did it put on some messed up song
Please put youtube back .
It is bad in quality
I love the app and all, but there is a problem when you play the music, it says that "this kind of audio can not be played " and this happens to every single song, please fix it, thank you Frostwire
Whats going on i cant get anymore youtube searches...not good..soundcloud is the worst
Love it! !!!!
I used to get to dowload what ever song i want now. Every song i type in it cant find it. Like wtf dude. I cant find anything and when i do its covers. i dont want covers. I want the original song.
Five different searches yielded no results found. Waste of time.
This was the best app for android music players..but now all I can find is the lame remixes other ppl did. I downloaded the update but still get the same results. Fix this!!!
Just another youtube
Got rid of youtube and that's where I get all my music from!! So far hate the new update!!
Loved it!
When I updated it stopped having YouTube as a option for downloads, which is where I listen to most of my music. Bring YouTube back!!
it's not the best but it will do ig
Downloaded a few songs, went into my media player and had various songs I DID NOT download. Deleted the app and would still get songs plus ads would pop up! I do not recommend this!
Frostwire4life
Don't have any selection. Just awful. 0 star if possible
OMG I HATE IT SO MUCH MUST NOT DOWNLOAD
Nice
Nice love it
No YouTube!!!!!
Love how easy it is to download any artist or songs I want for FREE!!! Thanks
Don't give music I want
Best Music Down loader ever!
I Used to be able to find my songs but then the update happened and i cant find anything
I love this. No other can compare to this
Its back 
Frostwire used to be the best but until you un guys fix the youtube problem it'll be 5 star
Its pretty good other than not having some of the songs I wanted
Thank youuuu
I've been a very dedicated and loyal frostwire customer and I haven't been very happy with the service I have been getting recently it seems that everytime i try to download song it errors out and it wont download the song. I've tried reinstalling frostwire on numerous occasions but to no avail I still can't download any music or any pictures of any kind if anyone has any information on why this is happening or if it is the new update please feel free to fill me in and let me know what's going on
You can't fine most good song's
Okay so I'm listening to my music and then when I go on Snapchat it just.goes.off like it stops
I had it than it played up but at least it works now
Stop working the same after a while use to be good but now it doesn't even look up music the same
But not perfect
It's a good app to find music but i wish it had a wider range. I'm trying to find a song i found on YouTube and it can't find it. Overall a good app and easy to find stuff just needs bigger range of music and videos
I downloaded  this app not to long ago, loved  it then it changed  now I really  dislike  it. Can't  find any songs!  This app does have problems  but  the great  thing  about  it is that  when you do have a  problem you can E-mail  you question/concerns  and you get a fast response. With help or suggestions. Loving  this what seems personal  help!!
Garbage
WTF happen to youtube
Doesn't work much
starts messing up after a while. worked great for about 8 months then stopped finding songs. oh well
Reminds me when I would just skip school with friend and download music all day
Too many remixed songs....
I was in love with this app until now like no YouTube
App suck's cause you can't read what songs are which. And when you goto download one you lose your spot on the long list of songs, pretty annoying. Uninstalled
This app went from being the best app in the world to the shittiest piece of crap ever. What the ffff did the new update do?
Great music and no WiFi really needed
I got a brand new phone and first thing I did was download this so I can listen to music the. My phone wouldn't work very well and the music couldn't be previewed and downloading it took forever. Once a song was downloaded it didn't work. This was on a galaxy s 5. So I am deleting this.
This is the best app ever. It's always my go to app! :D
Rarely will I find what I wanted. I searched for Rap God by Eminem and I was shown Chinese symbols. Please make it to where we can find what we need and I will give a better rating.
I've used frostwire for years now and you guys were awesome but you guys are slowly goin down hill with this. No YouTube(yes I know you had to take it off because of Google Play and whatnot seen from recent comments) but the music selection you have now is useless even to the smallest detail. All you get is remixes and petty terrible stuff it's not even worth listening to or looking up. I always supported the frostwire team but you guys are going cliche' and now the app is a waste of time.
Didn't let me look up songs
Good application
..  .....  ....
I love being able to download music/media content quick, easy, and free. However, it's very trying to have to wait an extra week, or longer, for the updates to be on Google Play. Other application stores usually get the updates days, sometimes weeks, before we, with Google Play, are able to download them. My ONLY problem with this app is it's sheer lack of updates for Google Play users.
Amazing app
Hate The New Update!!!Literally worst app i have ever downloaded.If i download the song and next day i turn on my phone thd song was deleted...
Every song I needed was there
I dont like that you cant preview the song before downloading :/
Has almost no music
Dope
Hated it
i have tried so many apps to download music and this is the one that has worked by far
Anytime I want rap music,it doesn't give it or find what I search for like Olly Murs.
Honestly the worst app I ever downloaded, Uninstalled it within 5 minutes of having it, I couldn't find any of the music I wanted and it's slow.
Awesome
This app is FILLED with viruses. Yep known this ever since the app was released. How are there viruses? Random users can upload music along with viruses. How? THEY'RE FRICKIN TORENTS they can come from anywhere. DOWNLOAD AT YOU OWN RISK!
Great app all the music and videos I need and want thank u
Seem like every title/name I put in it can't find it
Fails download most of the time
Good app
Frost wire is horrible
I was so scared the YouTube feature was gone forever but the helpful folks at frostwire talked about Frostwiire Plus which SAVED MY LIFE!!  FROSTWIRE!!!!!
I don't usually write reviews but this app is great! If the developers add a donation option I will defiantly donate!!
I DO NOT recommend this app to be downloaded. It's a big waste of time. You won't find anything that you're looking for.
For one what happened to downloading from YouTube? Snd for 2 everytime I type in a bands name with the song or album I want it can't find it which means I have to scroll through the multitude of bullshit to find what I'm looking for. And 3 if i delete the app or get a new phone all the music I downloaded onto my sd card disappears which is a nuisance because then I'm stuck with the daunting monotonous task of having to redownload all my music. Fix this and I'll give 5 stars, until then it's staying at 3
I downloaded this app last year because a friend of mine told me about it. I needed this app in order to get songs for my dance group & choir to listen to at rehearsals & I was enjoying it  PERFECTLY until I discovered today that the same songs I downloaded last month (and had to delete because of low storage space) can no longer be downloaded again cause NO RESULTS appears onscreen. I went ahead to get the PLUS version via the browser & did all the requirements & still no change to my search results. HELP!
Can't even work right now you are no better then the other ones that suck
Like it
It started off well, now it will only download songs at like 3kb/ per second and it's not worth the time to download one song over a course of 30mins
My music app
too gud... finally an app tht works!!
Its not the same now that YouTube isn't there I couldn't even find one song I wanted :-(
Thank you!
Everything I put in it says no matches found smh so annoying
Thanks for making this available. Also thanks for mentioning that you need the file opener to install the apk to android. Works perfect. 5+ stars. This app is the best music downloader I have found ever and wouldn't use anything else.
Yass
Can't find any original music
Use to like this app but now it sucks can't download any of the songs I want
Alyssa
This app crashed my tablet. I don't think this rlly helped with  my need for music, but I could never find any of the songs I wanted and if I did they always didn't download. But other than that I guess it's pretty good bc I did get one or two songs downloaded.
It sucks... Big time. It's very hard to download anything. I could only download about 4 things
Took youtube off....the app is pretty much useless now. :( used for everything tho...
downloaded it & deleted it numerous times now, still won't work. still only uses SoundCloud. and yes I got it off the website & I'm not sure whether it was a faulty link or what but please fix it.
It used to work perfectly fine now I can't even find not one good song
Its a great app but it stopped transferring music to my playlist
This used to be such a reliable way of getting music, but I can understand why they had to "fix it".
It does suck look up songs that I want and they are not even there!!!!
It won't let me download the song that I want
There is songs but not the normal version It gets eratating after a while but i am getting the new version
Download pretty much any music,video, or book and not have to pay a cent,unless of course you're really nice.
Cool cool
Its da best rt
Needs a little help
This app is no good now I can't search and find any songs that has YouTube search options in it smh 0 stars
Why would frost wire offer me a song sung by an unknown artist? Keep it simple and true.
No underground music... And for some reason it kept running in background eating up all my mobile data
I like this app alot. My Son turned me on to this back in 2005 & I still prefer it of all others. Thanks Frostwire.
I can totaly download music without using a computer im never in unstalling this!!!!!!
Application lags too much and does not download songs properly. Overall, doesn't do what it's supposed to do. Neat design though, i guess.. 2/5.
This was good now nothing comes up..
Add a radio button to this app andriod app
Before the upgrade I could find anything I was looking for and now can't even find some of the more popular songs what's going on
Rock lets see if what this application can do. First time to use this.. Hope it is better than others.
It would be wayy better if u had more updated songs an it takes beyond forever to install a song
Great
This is a great app u should download it right now
The app used to work fine and now it has download errors when the device goes to sleep.
THIS APP WAS GOOD TILL THEY TOOK TOUTUBE OUT
Wow
I would definitely pay for this app if it went back to the youtube searches.. it was a convenient way to download music so I don't waste data outside of home but now the app has nothing I need. Useless now. I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S5 and don't have Google Play to download the plus.. what's another option? Please help I need my music back
Was great, got rid of youtube and now has little results.
yes
I removed this app from my home screen but I didn't uninstall it. It would play little kid songs in the middle of the night without me doing anything to the app or my tablet. I just uninstalled it and I have to say that I am glad Old Mcdonald Had A Farm won't play randomly at night.
It suck now it doesn't give alot of different options...less choices. Please update or go back...Please
Bring back YouTube please...makes it simple easy with small files and original artist.
Rocks
Hate it can u put it like it was
le avia dado 5 estrellas pero ahora ke ya no funciona con youtube no se encuentra toda la musica..
Very easy to use ... love how I can find pretty much any song ... thank you for making this app
Yea saved all my music
Will not ever find any videos that i look for. Fix it. This you use to be a really good app. Not it is shity. Fix it now its been months since i have been able to use it. I look up my YouTube show roadkill and nothing ever comes up fix that
It keeps freezeing my cellphone up
Awesome
Makes my phone slow and over heat
It stoped nothing pops out for music
Sucks! Can't find any of the songs I'm looking for after the latest update.
Love it
Dear frostbite plezz send me the link so I can get YouTube videos back
After a while it doesn't download certain types of files. But it's a decent app
It is awesome
Good
One month or so after youtube was taken out of frost wire all of my music download from youtube was deleted
If you want the version that does support YouTube you have to get it from the frostwire website.
This app blows now. All the music I liked was found on Youtube. Stupid Google. Always taking control of everything.
If you're gonna remove YouTube then what's the bloody point
Need to delete and reinstall after 3-5 downloads cause it has no download speed
Long story short, if i wanted a remix i would type in remix after the song name, horrible
It won't download
You can finally download any music you want so that's why I'm rating it 5 stars
Ever since i updated the app it dose not download any songs i want to download.
There's no more YouTube and that's where I would get my music from. That Bit Torrent things only gives me big files that I don't want. I wish you could put YouTube back on Frost wire.
Love this app
Awesome!
Love it
Hate the update liked old version better
Always used to use Frostwire for downloading documentaries and movies to watch from Youtube, for when I have no data connection. Now I can't, there's no point keeping it. Please bring back the YouTube abilities, otherwise there's no point.
Youtube searches gone.. But still cool
I can't download the songs and video's i want....! Why it change.......? I'm very disappointed......! :-(
What happened can't search my songs on new device wtf it was the best downloaded until now
It was really good a few months ago now it seems like the songs I wanna download can't ever be found may just uninstal this
Kk
Got an email saying this is bad. Thanks alot
Its good a little.
Every time I tried to download a song it took hours and some of the time it was an error and didn't load the song wtf 
Even when you uninstall it and reinstall it you get all the music you had before witch is awesome
On 4g or WiFi can't find anything I look for. Would give ZERO stars if I could
I love being able to download a whole album instead of one song at a time and i love that only some artist's albums are available amd other albums by the same artist aren't available but still good
I love it
So dope.
Ever since I updated it, I can't seem to find anything!
This app was good and I do Recommend this app but I think it was not right to get rid of YouTube and this was not your fault it does take the music out. P.S tried to download the apk and says not available what should I do?
In loveee
Whenever I use anything aside from souncloud downloads it won't let me download any music
Frost wire is ok. My only problem is this, if I uninstall this app all the music that I've downloaded are erased.
Don't get it its a wast I need to find a real music downloader any help???
Used to be very good but the new update wont let me download anything or even find any of the songs I want.
I had so many people tell me how great this app was its not it takes longer then 5 mins to load im DONE!!
It was good at first but then there was no more YouTube
its awesome its just i cant find any of the songs i want but great for playlist and musical media
No youtube? Please fix ASAP.!!!!!
It used to be very good and I could find everything I was looking for but now since I updated I can't find any songs at all very unhappy it
They could organize it better but it's great.
My phone instantly freezes, starts feeling really hot, and I have to pull the battery every time I use it x-(
Every time i download something from sound cloud it never saves so i am only able to hear it once and thats it. Plus YouTube doesn't work anymore 
This is waste bro.
Best Ever
Was enjoying it but then YouTube was taken off...I have read what has happened and understand but it doesn't have the songs I want
Thankyou FrostWire team! I love it now! 
Nice
I love it
Its ok
Why when I use the app on my computer it pulls up all the songs,but when I use my app on the phone it can't pull up anything.. It'll show in the drop down box,but once I click on it and search it keeps saying not found and its there cuz I downloaded it to my computer from frostwire..
The best one there is and works the the best.
Frostwire
When does YouTube come back again I want to download songs again
Works like.....never!
I downloaded the online version but it still just pops up things that are completely irrelevant to what I put in I just wanna download waiting for by echo. Please help me out I don't wanna give 3 stars because I know you guys are a lot better than that but you just got all knocked out of whack because of youtube.
Last version is really good , many problems are fixed. I reckon the biggest problem is the loss of download when the connection drop. An then u have to start it from the beginnig
I don't get all my good songs anymore!!!!!! Why!?
Understanding of Frostwires forced removal of YouTube searches from the software; it seems as though it has lost its way as a peer to peer program. Essentially you can no longer find anything (literally anything). Its a proper shame because Frostwire used to hang with the best of the best.
Alright by me.
You took of youtube. So I'm taking off you. 
Doesn't have any songs I type in! Worst app ever!
The only reason I liked the app is because you could get music off YouTube now its crap non of the songs download and non of them are what I'm looking for put YouTube back on here and it'll be an awesome app again you really need to fix this for android
Decent built in search and no weird bugs that I have seen. No adds either.
The entire selection of song needs to be redone...and it will quit on me almost every time I turn on the app...then songs that I have deleted pop back up...and it won't play songs that I've chosen to play...please help.
Like
Thank you this app is the best.
I'd give every music app I've found so far 0 stars if possible. 1 day it's good, the next day it's BS.
It won't work sucks it keeps frozen
I cant find any songs ever since yall got rid of you tube
At first I loved it but now I hate it.
I wasn't able to open the file for frostwire plus, how can I open it?
D most worst music downloader ever!!!!
I was wrong.
It was working fine but now every time I search a song it says no results found
Its been a long day without you my friend im gonna tell you all about when I see you again we've come a long way from were we began how can I not talk about family when family's all we got everything that I went through you were standing right by my side and now you gone be with me for the last ride
My Phone was Frozen about um and hour
Good app, I mostly find what I'm looking for. Could be more specific though.
Like, i could find everything i searched for and now i find nothing. Im done. 
This is a good app hounestly it messes up somwtimes but its amazing
Awesone
Wont work
I couldnt even search for any song..please fix it vry soon.
Without YouTube all get is bullshit covers from people that can't sing.
Ooo kill em
Listen to music every whare i go
Rubbish
Love it can find all my songs
I use this daily for my Instagram edits and it works so well. I will never get rid of it. Although since two days ago every time I look something up it says to use a new keyword and I was wandering what happened
You guys suck now!! I am about to delete this app.  I just had frost wire and had no problems and now that i downloaded it again any person or group or what so ever it shows that i need to use different key words? ????????? This goes for all groups i type in and i never  Had a problem like that before.
Slow and no songs ever came up... No results...
I'm So Fancy
This use to be one of my favorite apps, but now I can't find any songs. This also seems to be the only version compatible with my Galexey S3 or S4. Not happy at all.
Absolutely no results anymore. No matter what song or artist i try it just says try other key words and no results. Im done.
My Favorite
Best app ever
Installed then downloaded one song. Had to fight with my phone to get it to come back on. Kept turning my phone off. Finally back on so I'm uninstalling as fast as possible. Song: Sublime- What I Got
They took off the good site to get music  NOW ALL I FIND ARE REMIXES
Ok I see now thx for the reply
Some of my songs I downloaded don't even show up on my playlist. It skips some songs. Really disappointed. :-(. New update is even worse. I got a bunch of songs that I didn't even download. And I wish you guys would put a preview button like most apps do.
Now you sucks!
Can not find any music. Everything is no results.
Love it tho.........
Every since the updates it hasn't allowed me to find songs let alone download them its really irritating!!!
Can't find any of my tracks.
It was the best app now it sucks sorry removing the youtube downloads now i cant find any songs
Searches are very limited now due to lack of YouTube torrents.  Disappointed fellas
Glad I downloaded most of the content I wanted before the new update. ...what a shame
Rubbish app
It takes up too much storage space. One song takes up nearly 25mb. Please lower it and i will install it again
I used to love thus app what happened to the YouTube part fix this or frostwire will fail
Its an amazing app
I would give it 5stars if you bring back YouTube!
After recent update I'm not getting the youtube videos like i used to.... Not worth downloading anymore if i cant download whatever i want like i used to.... Uninstalling...
I love it
It sucks now, ever since they did all these upgrades.
No more YouTube? That's the reason I have this app.. 
You got rid of YouTube and it messes with me because I will always find a good song on YouTube and I always get a stupid remix from SoundCloud
Leaving...this app sucks
Yay
TRU
This app is boring
Best thing ever, only problem is i cant figure out how to use the youtube downlaod search ? help
Used to be amazing but now youtubes gone cant believe
This is a good app but it keeps downloading other songs that I don't download if I download 5 songs it will download 10 songs 5 being songs I've never heard of if someone knows how to fix this please let me know
Dont download this app is a virus
I thought I was stupid until I read the ratings below. If you guys thoroughly read whats in the updates and the difference between FW basic/ FW Plus. All of your problems with this app will be solved. You stupid doo doo heads. To the FW Team thanks for all your hard work.
Can never find any song  i look for
Chilled app
Awesome app!!
This used to be the best app for downloading music. Biggest selection and best quality by far! But for over a week now, I can barely even get the search feature to work and when it does, very few results are found. I mean, VERY few, like 4-7 total and those results are rarely, if ever, what you actually searched for. What happened?? This blows. And Im positive it's not just me or my device (HTC One Max) because my husband and 3 friends all said the same thing...that frostwire no longer works.
Found every song I searched for
After the new update I couldn't put music in playlists anymore, they would stay for a few minutes then leave, then all my downloads got deleted, this app is not worth the storage
It's ok, doesn't give a lot of option nor the right songs sometimes
Used to be the best music downloading app, I can't search any songs now...
Every time I finish downloading something it restarts when I connect to the internet
Didn't have the one song I wanted
I wish u could bring youtube back its not the same without youtube 
Can download any song or album,  even download paid apps!
Idk what happened to it but any videos  i try to download never kept going, i always download them thru wifi until the new update then the download wont keep going tried reseting the app, and everything fell apart
Great!!!!!
why are my searches not going through
Good so good hmmmmmm.
Looks like frostwire is back on top! Thanks for fixing the problem!!!!
All of a sudden after the update its freezing my phone galaxy s4
Yeah this sucks now because it was my favorite app before but now it just SUCKS!!!!
I used to have limewire and this is just as good. But some song it won't let you download or some of them are just adds but it's deletable :) it's not a bad app!! Does find majority of songs you are looking for!
Music plays for a while and then stops. If you fast foward the song a little bit it will play again for a while and then stop once again. Still sucks as of 5/9/15
Every song i put in i didnt show up and by the way this his son
I like this one way better. Then the last one
Sucks
One of the best but was listening to a song & it all the sudden was just deleted and I'm unable to download the song again.
am not enjoy this app after a few second the music stop playing
I love this app
Not that great but ok
How come when I look some music up I don't work.WTF
But I wish they'll bring back the songs for youtube!
Cumbias
Best app
Once was a great app now it freezes my  handset
I deleted some of the music that I didn't even download, and then my phone froze up (galaxy s6) so I restarted my phone and now ALL of my music gone...
Even though it has flaw still follow through
Wu you et
Pls fix this problem
I have it on laptop excellent app
Can't download more songs at once
I love it you could every song you want and download it
But its frozes my phone badly. Please fix. Htc one s
Nothing works and says cant find anything delete...
How do you even..?
Just bought a Samsung note 4 and I used this app which it works but just hogs all of the CPU and you can't do anything else while downloading, even it's just a basic album. I used u torrent before and could download a bluray  and it wouldn't lag my phone even close to what this app does.
This is the best music downloader I  have ever had
Used to love, but now I have to go through Google, find torrents, and hope for the best. If I download directly from FrostWire, 99% of the time, it says error. That's if any files come up at all.
Asome gust they are weird songs on there
For almost every song I look for or download its never the original.  Usually a mix or a cover.  I don't normally right reviews but this needed it
Don't install unless you want unauthorized downloads behind your back.  Also cant even power down when app freezes handset!  I've had 6 app force close wile making this comment.
I  frostwier
It's ok when not messing up
Can't always find what I'm looking for :(
Had this app on my moto maxx hd, now on Sony z3v. Was then and still is the best music downloader I've had. Could get better performance from the player but I'm not complaining. Finally, you're downloading for free! Quit Complaining!!!
Bad stuff man and also slow asf
Ok
Good but not as good as the PC one ... I'll give it 4 and a half because it's still a great app....
Its an ok app i really like it
App sucks bad
Its won't allow u to download real songs!!!!!
Best music app
2 problems...no rap and it's friggen slow!
The plus version that is!!!!
This app isn't as good as it used to be. I used to be able to find any song but bow every thing comes up no match. And I search for pretty main stream stuff most of the time
Works fine now. Many thanks.
Catastrophes
Not sure what's happened to this app, but it no longer works...
Nothing works. When you download Frostwire plus, it says it cannot open the file. Only reason I'm keeping it is to not lose the music I did have that didn't get erased when they changed the rules.
Shittiest app ever
Why youtube is not available in search?!!! ...this is the worst update ever !
Really gud
Hey everyone update the app from their website...works like charm! Frostwire plus on their website is the frostwire we once loved so go there and download!!!
Can't search YouTube anymore. The update ruined it. Uninstalling now.
Download it from their website and then you can get youtube results
So now we have to pay to get what we want from a site that was originally based on doing everything for free? Yeah okay.
Ever since you guys updated this it's just become more of a problem to search songs
Frostwire at one point was my favorite music downloader. But now, it sucks. Deleted half my songs cause of youtube. Can't play all my songs. But will still download it. Bugga. This app sucks now.
I like it
I have been using this software with my laptop for years and always loved it the mobile version is a bit buggy but non the less awsome
It
Nb
So much better than the other
Thank you for the help!
I get all my music I love  to play
Doesn't have all the songs I wanted but I like that it has all my music on it so I can play it from there
The app hardly works for the S4, I used to love it but now its wack.. thumbs down
There are obvious changes to this app and it seems to be making me work a bit harder having to hit the back bar just to hear a song. It may be me, but i have to hit the back bar on my phone 3/4 times just to get to my files. Maybe I have to play with it more to understand it mow.  I still think it's my best option though, so I'll stick with it.
Love it
Not the same it has changed for the worse
Its a Great app , has most music !
The best app is gone now
It need's faster speeds
My friend told me that when this app updated, it stopped downloading how it use to and when I restarted my phone it auto-updated and now it won't download the newest songs . Is there gonna be any change coming soon ? This was my favorite app .
It was amazing but now it wont pop up youtube songs for some reason whats goin on?
Please bring back the YouTube search because songs don't sound the same as they would from YouTube
Worst app ever
USED TO LOVE THIS APP, NOW I CANT GET ANY MUSIC. POINTLESS
Yes I hated the recent loss of youtube but if you go in and update your app, you will have the same frostwire you loved before the update. Thank you for this fix frostwire.
Dragon play store
Suddenly couldn't obtain music from YouTube....tried updating, but it didn't help..
Best music downloader app ever
The finding music part is more difficult if you like older songs... But otherwise its amazing!
Now that the apk works this app is fire again. Nice job frostwire. Props.
Were good again
U need to pUT YouTube back
Uh I like trains
Great app. Use it often
If you're looking to get songs off YouTube, like normal people, do not get this, doesn't support it anymore.
Best app ever .
They shouldn't had got rid of YouTube well spotify primeum here I come
I was trying to download one song and I got it. I decided to keep it if I ever needed it again and sure enough, I did. Not to mention that the song was on there. Unless you're searching for an extremely different type of music, you should find any piece of music you desire. Stop hating, it is not needed and most are probably lies.
Zero stars right now until the developers fix the problem on puting YouTube search results back. And even still if you download the Plus version still no YouTube results. Whats going on Frostwire you are all looseing users quickly. Come on be smart and put YouTube back on.
Great
Uninstall because YouTube is no longer available and there's just no more point in it
There was nothing  that us worth me time on this app. Uninstalled.
It just sucks now without youtube
Put YouTube back on!
Pretty good app
More than half the songs I liked were youtube
I liked it works great only problem I had was wen I looked up a song by Selena Gomez and it wouldn't pop up
After I  updated it to the new version, I can no longer find the songs that I searched for. I even tried to uninstall and download it from the internet but it's not longer a good quality app.
This app used to be good forget google rules and put youtube back
I'm so upset right now this app was my favorite  to download  all my music now it's the worse app. Please add YouTube back the other Verizon that you can download  load through Firefox is not working at all please fix frostwire. I lost all my music I had downloaded  months ago
Downloaded the apk version still no YouTube search engine
We need to get youtube back because thats main one when you get your songs is there anything you can do
Not good anymore lost every song I like 
The worst I've had better.
Doesn't have all the songs your looking for
Frost wire used to be good
Could have more selection, but I'm good!!
If you're looking for any of the hard to find tunes and, or artists, this app isn't for you.
I originally downloaded this app for music and the music section was okay. However, I figured out you could download videos and it is way better than the utorrent app! It searches through the browsers for you and all you have to do is click the download button! So easy!
Doesn't work no more :(
I got the APK version for aindroid but it atill won't work as intended but still is good for song storage.
Used to work but know I cant listen to anything even when download is complete
My workout music comes from this app. It is excellent for specifics.  Simple to use and IT WORKS
It shows no results for artists that are famous right Now... Horrible
Without you tube its pointless theres no music i used it to download videos i can download songs from anywhere....DONT DOWNLOAD IT..IT SUCKS
I downloaded frost wire plus and I still can't use the YouTube versions
Nice
I find it works just fine. I haven't had a single problem with it.
Yes
Live
You can't download anything anymore
This app was such of good app now you can't even download Ani music or videos
I think it really good I got so many song from here the only bad thing about it is that it take so much space lol but I love it and hate at the same time download it :)
This app was amazing then I deleted it for a sec. I downloaded it again then the songs I want to download that were on it it keeps saying there isn't this song or this song or this one when I had it on there
I was in the process of downloading this.  And then I read the most recent reviews. the power of technology!
Couldn't find any results for the music I like
Not the same anymore!
I can download anything and everything so I'm happy and I recommended this app I download YouTube everything
I download lots of song from this app before and now when I search for a song it don't even pop nothing  please fix it ASAP
Add YouTube video and audio back into app.
Omg this site was the best....no YouTube now....actually, no results at all....KEEP IT SIMPLE...SEARCH, FIND, AND DOWNLOAD...COME ON FROSTWIRE. YALL ARE MY ONLY HOPE FOR MY MUSIC!!!!
Just give me back the (g)old Forstrwire,  where i can search hundreds of music and YouTube Mp3. Now its sucks..
I liked frostwire when you can download songs from youtube but it sucks now.
Frostwire used to be amazing. It deleted some of my songs. Not only that you can't find the YouTube mp3s anymore and it seems like we have to be updating the apk every other day. I'm down with this app
This app used to be amazing. Whenever I download a song I now only get about 12 seconds of a song but it still tells me I have a full song to listen to. On top of that, if on the off chance I get a "full" song it glitches like crazy. Uninstalling this app and never downloading it again.
Great! With the extension added its the single greatest music downloading app. 10/10 for days. I use the pro version, but something changed again.... The YouTube stuff is gone again. Even tried reinstalling pro but nothing worked
they need to put youtube back on here cause I lost half of my songs tht I had on my phone and now I can't redownload them so frost wire do us all a favor n put youtube back on here so we can get the songs we want
Used to download from YouTube now it doesnt. The update sucks
Satisfied. Good one but  needs some changes and publicity.
This app is garbage
It's good
the app was great before the upgrade now it keep sayin try again using these key words everytime i try and search a song. 
Was a great aplication displaying a lot of videos and unload music from youtube , why frostwire is not having youtube videos and music anymore?
I downloaded this tried to such for ANY Clash song.  Then tried a few other bands. Couldn't even locate a single song from pretty main stream 80s and 90s bands.  Immediately uninstalled. Don't waste your time.
Got better but now... it sucks!!
No previews
I like it but sometimes it takes SO LONG for it to download... 
Awesome
No real songs can't listen before download WHACK
It was some BULLSH*T
This app sucks now.. Can't search for anything.
Hate it! When i open the app after few hours of close ,  it  goes back to zero fix pls
It's cool
Needs to update to the new YouTube
I really like this app. Even told my sister to download it coz its great in downloading especially songs. I understand that you have to comply to googles rules thats why you removed youtube, is there a way to fix this? Coz I really like your app seriously. And I dont want to uninstall it.
great downloader
To slow
I hate this app I can't look up any music
Seriously, search field would recommend the song or artist but when I hit search it returned nothing
Lately I haven't been able to download any music nothing comes from YouTube n I can't find no music in my search... Waaack!!! Fix this app ASAP!!!!
Sucks
One day I wake up and can't find any music at all old or new. All my music disappeared from my phone from the past 3 years and I can't even search up anymore songs.
I love this app and I just seen the last review I gave which was 1 star and I have to say I'm sorry. This is a five star app for sure..
Fix the thing
It don't let you download nothing everything you type it shows no results for it I'm gonna download a different one
It stopped working after a while, and it didn't have a lot of music in the first place. It started downloading random files without my permission, and most of those files were corrupted and couldn't even be opened. There was no way I could stop these downloads from happening, and most of the time I didn't know that something had been downloaded until it randomly appeared on my phone. It is pretty obvious that this app infected my phone.
This WAS! a fantastic app but for about a month now I can't find what I want as I could before! If I typed in a movie it would come up with quite a few but now nothing!!!!
When I first got on I could download any song now I can't find a simple top 40? This is insane.
Love it
Its easy to find music its awsomeness hopefully this is helpfull enough
It's a great app
Can no longer download youtube audio files..yeah this app is now shit
Will not let me download app
I try to find songs by certain artists and never get the artist I'm looking for...instead it gives me other artists! Plus I have to download it to listen to it! So now I have songs by people I don't want on my phone!
I literally can't find a SINGLE song on here anymore!! like what is the point anymore????! 
Every time I download the app it always get stuck on 83percent
Gave my phone a virus and is the only thing I have downloaded and opened in months.... DO NOT USE!
Video
Love it
Gr8
i can't download my love song my favorite songs ..can u fix this problem
awesome
Doesn't do what I need it to do
Great
Been using for years and have always recommended to others in the last but now I def wouldnt. I cant find any songs or either its no peers to download from. Not happy at all.
sucks now
Songs I got from this all disappeared after I removed the app
These past few days it wouldn't let me download any music now all my music i've downloaded from here and from other apps  is GONE/DELETED  except for maybe 5 songs THANKS -.-
My music doesn't download at all and doesn't list as downloading either.
You can't download any songs that you search for quit updating this app so much now it's useless
Not working
I perfectly understand why u guys have to remove downloads from youtube. However, I am now having troubles with re-downloading the songs I had before. I tried several times but still cant get any progress. Please fix. U guys can do better than that.
Ever scince the new update, I am not able to look at songs and Videos from youtube. Also I am not able to download mexican music. Why back the update I could but now like wtf.
Horrible
The music downloads really fast!! I had ten mins left before a flight to download music and I got 4 hrs worth of music in 7 mins!! I love this app!!
When I go to play downloaded files I get a message Files not found. Does not work anymore.
Gayyyyy
Its a great app actually but if you are online music starting again to download even yoiu downloaded already.
New update is terrible. None of the songs I like are on here anymore! but they solved my problem. So back to 5 stars for me! Just email them and they will solve it!
Don't seem to load anymore.
Won't let u download anything. Hardly any songs pop up. Please put you tube back.
This use to be the best app, but now can't find no songs.
Frostwire used to be good now when i search a song i want to download it pulls up remixes or other dumb versions instead of the original song please fix this then I'll rate 5 stars
I loved it after I downloaded it. It had all the music that I wanted. Now it shows songs that isn't even it or doesn't have any songs. Well me and a friend typed in the band's name and lots of options came up. We were happy that it worked still. Well now after I downloaded some songs, it deletes them itself. Like one minute it'll be there and it won't be the next. I tried everything to see if it would stop, but it didn't. Fix this and you'll get a better rating.
I couldn't find any songs
I used to get over 50 results from typing in anything and now I get none
Bad
It's cool
With all the negative comments I was hesitant to download this app but I am glad I did. This is an okay app so far and has worked well for me. :)
Doesn't load when looking for music
It worked well at 1st then after 3 diwnloads i cant find any songs that i search for. Please fix whatever is wrong with this. Use to work well before.
So if we can't download any music what good is this app now??? I'm deleting it. Don't download this
The bug is that I had a song and played it once, and i went to the song to set it to repeat once it finished. But I couldn't get into the song, as all I could do was change the photo.
Boss
I've been looking for music downloaders for a long time
Right on!!
Alkaline
Finally found an app that lets you listen to music free without the dumb trials and plays in the background.
None of the songs im looking for...
It was working fine for my galaxy s5 then it stopped working. It won't download now. No YouTube downloads now either this needs fixed
I can't find any songs I look for & you can't even listen to the things you do find
I have been using this app was happy with it told others about it. Now can't download YouTube music and last night while downloading some songs all my music disappeared on me I was happy with you guys not any more. Grrrrrr
But then i updated it and it now sucks it wont find the songs like it used to go back to the old one ugh 
Get Busy.
Shit
It sucks
So far so good but when i delete frostwire its delete all the file i download with frostwire..
I'm not understanding how after I download the add on from Firefox that I still can't download anything in regards to music or video. I need to know what is going on with this app and would like it to be fixed asap!
Cool
It's a little slow and can't find music that I like on here and it really sucks I'm not going to lie
It doesn't download from YouTube anymore which is where all of the music came from. So now I can't find any of the songs I was looking for only remixes and covers -.-
Why can't i download any more songs? I liked when i got it from youtube.. Now its not there. Please help.
This app sucks balls
This doesn't feel Leagle ... Are you sure this is leagle?
They say they fixed it but doesn't look fixed to me
Latest update fixed issues with force closing on download completion!!!  So happy I didn't have to find something else!
3/4 songs I got are downloaded, but some aren't found when I try to research it
This sucks
No search results coming up and I already contacted support thru another email. We get the app updated not for a good looking worthless app sitting on my phone! Fix this with a update not contacting support.
I accidentally deleted this app and lost all my songs I got the app back but it says that the songs cant be played all I want is to be able to play the songs without using a different app to redownload all 1140 of my songs if you could help me that would be great thank you
Can't find any good songs on this expected better
It has no music. Just stupid remixes that no one wants.
It use to be able to find any song typed in search box Google play should really let frostbite link back with YouTube
I use to love this app cause it would give me all the songs i wanted now i only get so much less than before 
I use to like this app til the new update. Now I'm really disappointed with this app and I hope that no one get this terrible app. 
Put the YouTube version on google play
There are no good files only scrap
Cant find a simple song......can you bring it back like it was before.......not happy!!!
This app use to be good but now I can't find any of the song I use to get. What happen to this app?!
Couldn't get any music at all. Before it was awesome though. I know u guys say u had to comply with googles rules bla bla bla, ok. But does that mean without youtube u guys can't get music?! #Lame
Amazing
It is a okay  app.  But it downloads stupid songs I never agreed to download. And also some of the songs I look up won't come up. It also deleted a ton of my music so I have to search and I can barley find anything anymore! Frostwire get your crap together!
I cannot play any songs that I download anymore it says "unable to find item"
Loved it when just started using it, but after two days it won't let me play any songs.
Use other browser instead of Chrome and download frostwire pro its for free and it makes your app just like it used to be love it thanks for the help frostwire
just gonna try the apk
It used to be really really good now its terrible what happened
Good
You should make a version for ios.         Reply to frostwire - I'm using the basic one from google play but my girlfriend has an iphone 6 and wanted the app, thats why i commented, but this is a really usefull app.
Gave my phone a virus
I can't download a thing. Fix this please its been a while now not just a few days
I used to love frostwire when I could download youtube versions. That's all I do. I don't know what all of the other versions are and I don't want a virus on my phone.
Just horrible!! Worst music app ever! Disappointed.
This app done been changed no songs!
Purty swell
Hate the new update! I can't find anything anymore. I really dislike it. Please fix it.
I used to love this app. It would have all the music I was looking for until recently, where all the music were just covers of random people.
Too many songs are not allowed. Deleting app now. Thanks for the memories.
I can't find any songs I had on here before its not Woking it doesn't come up with the songs I want please fix when you do it rate 5 but till then it's staying on 1
Can't find anything I search for, thx for the times when I could I''m uninstalling.
Pretty sure this app gave me malware because ever since I started using it and downloading music, randomly, fake scam adds in the browser or Google play store randomly pop up. I have tried clearing the cache but that did nothing. Now I have to waste my time and factory reset my phone all thanks to this app. I was careful with what music I downloaded but I really don't know what happened. These adds started appearing shortly after I used the app for the first time.
What is wrong with this app when I write the name of song it says not result try again Plz fix
Used to be able to download Iranian songs but now I can't it says no results. Please fix and I'll give it 5 stars.
Update changed everything .. Please help .. Only app i really liked 
Go back to using YouTube as a search engine because all these other engines are unreliable to find what I really want.
Worked great at first, now it doesn't download at all and most everything I try to, says error. The next day I go to listen to my music....  Gone!     Update: Thank u for fixing!!!!
The app worked fine before the update. Now it keeps saying can't find retry
I cant find music in youtube now.  Only soundcloud torrent or kat.  I like the old version.  Please bring it back. Seriously  this sucks
Started downloading all this weird music on my phone all the time!
loved this app, now all of a sudden nothing that I search will come up!
Nice
I love it
Now it sucks. No songs work, I feel like they're all virus files, it's pointless space on my phone now. Upgrade or you'll lose a lot of users and a lot of money
a goody but oldy
Best music player I have ever downloaded. It doesn't take that long for the songs to download, never seen any ads yet .
Gaaaaayyy no songs
Covers need to go away somehow
Just sucks
I love it
Used to be a great app could find any song I was looking for now nothing so I'm uninstalling wish googles rules wasn't a load of bullshit
Don't install this guys. Just a waste of your time
For like 7 months if was working then It just deleted all my songd
It used to be a great way to get all kinds of music, but since they removed YouTube there is next to no music on there. (Though, I understand if they had to for legal issues) what they really need is more artist and such to get music, I guess they kinda have to build it back up, but at the momment it's not that good anymore. It probably will get better in the future.
Needs more pimp
Please update songs
It leaves me with no words its beautiful
I downloaded this app for  music is working good thanks to inventor.
I used to Love this app. Now that you tube is taken away I can't find any songs!!  Update:  downloaded frostwire plus and it is working again!!!  Thank you.
Love
it used to be great but now I can't find any of the songs I'm looking for wtf did this app change?? bc it sucks now if I do find the song I want it's usually a remix
It finds nothing
Loved it
Lol I like how it says evil google on your website, I love the app guys thank you:) TO EVERYONE READING THIS, DOWNLOAD THE PLUS VERSION OFF OF THE FROST WIRE WEBSITE ITS BETTER
GG
WHY IN THE HELL I CANT FIND ANY SONGS ON HERE NOW WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED????!!! WHY DID Y'ALL REMOVE YOUTUBE PLEASE PUT IT BACK 
Sometimes you can't always find what you're looking for, but I got around 75% of all the music I wanted.
Awesome
Just google frostwire plus and download it from their website. 2 minutes later it's back to normal.
I loved wen I first downloaded it I found all the songs I couldn't find in other apps but after the new update it suck
I hate it dont find the songs im looking for
Sucks
Don't waste your time with this
It gives me all the songs I want
You should not download
Was working great for like 6 months. Past week or so no songs will pull up on my search. Nothing will download. This app sucks now. What did y'all do?
The app was crashing all of the time after the new update.
Noting is wrong  with  this app it is  great
No utube on this one might not be good for people that like utube but I don't bother with utube liking the new links I'm seeing recommend if you like utube stick with older version cow torrent
It is da best app to download anything  . It is literally very useful. ..
Grate
I update it and now it won't search
Every time I try search song it won't show the song please fix it did that 2 times every time I search no song is found not even YouTube please fix
I was very unhappy with the new update, because frostwire had to take away the YouTube sources. But after emailing frostwire about this issue, I was very happy with the advice they gave me. You just have to do three simple steps in order to download frostwire plus, which allows the YouTube sources to show up again. Very happy with this app and its customer service.
I love this excellent
I had never had problems i had recommended it but now i cant find any results i look for a song and nothing comes out.
Just loads... And loads... And loads...
Primo app
It wont let me download any thing. :(
Great quality for music, 5 stars. Amazing.
You need to change or improve. YouTube download must be available
It don't work all it say is search keyword search keyword I  hate it
It had everything there when you need it any song i could think of was right there but now idk what happened waist of space on your device RL
Downloaded Frostwire from their website onto lgg2.works as great as it used to. Was able to get music thru YouTube when downloaded this way.thank you
I hate it! I used to love it! You guys suck now!
About a year ago when I first got it it was great and I could find any song a want along with a list of covers and remixes I never saw on YouTube now I can't find anything and all the options are just horrible remixes
Amazing!!
I like my songs
I will give this app 5 stars bec. This app is the best MP3 downloader! (Please Support This app :) ).
It don't even have all the songs
If you can't find a song just by putting the title,put YouTube first then the title, it works for me
Garbage can't download anything worthy
Annoyed with this app will be Uninstalled I can't find anything anymore. This Use To Be My Favorite App But It Really Sucks now.
This sucks I loved frost wire for the free music but now it's a worthless bit torrent crap app
Yeahhh
Frostwire sucks because no more youtube
I loved it since the first time i used it, it downloads music so perfect i wish you can always keep up and do alot of thing like it again &lt;3
I can't download any music or videos from YouTube anymore because of fricken google but oh well. Atleast a 4 star because it's not it's fault and also because I got alot of music and videos from this app 
Waste of time.
Bad nist
J
Search results come back between 0-3 results. Also, since installing, I keep getting random Internet pop-ups for phishing sites. Uninstalled and no problems since. Used to be a great site a year or so ago, now just a waste of space and privacy.
I use to be able to download anything I wanted but now it won't search anything that has more than one word! So I can't find ANYTHING!!! AND I HATE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
This app sucks it doesnt allow me to download any song and when it does they arent even the proper songs
You guys should really get youtube back on because most people are removing it now( not try to sound like I know it all) just give it some thought
The best
So far have had no problems with this may be a little tricky to learn may be able to make it super simple for simple minds but still I've had no problems downloading torrents I love this app
Peace of u known
At least it works better than music paradise. The don't even download the whole songs
You csn download complete albums  not just individual  songs
For the past year or more this has always been my go to app for downloading. But the past month all songs i usually find are gone. Plus it no longer shows songs linked via youtube
Songs just appear out of nowhere on my phone now...And the songs stop working within a day...
Can find any songs
The First One That  Not Crushing, Download All And Founds What I Need. 
I have never had a problem with this app untill now i cant find any music i want pls fix the problem!!
I can't find nothing
All I get is covers
Download error
It would be nice to hear the song before I download it to make sure its the right one...I downloaded a song the other day and then deleted it cuz it was the live version...I need previews
Takes to long to download
Wish it would let you preview the song before you download
What happened ? I can't. download anything. I says not found. Please fix
Lol real not lol
I use to download anything but now i cant even find a video from youtube ?! I EVEN COPIED THE NAME OF THE VIDEO AND NO RESULT ?! FIX THIS PLZ !!
It really cool
I use to love dis app but fa sum reason its not cumin up with youtube like it use to. So there is no reason y I'm keepin it n mi fone delete.
Downlaoded, searched for "queen don't stop me now" no results !!! Uninstalled
It's pretty beast but if u want 5 stars decrease the time it takes to install songs
This app is a piece of shit,  it won't allow me to download ANYTHING!
I cant find any song
Great
Any and every song I try to download it won't download it would at like it then it would pause it self hit resume an let it run all night still wasn't even 1% done
I've had it for a while now, but this recent update made me dislike it. It changed the search engines, so now you can't download from YouTube, if that gets fixed I'd say 5 stars, but for now not likely.
It's not good
It used to get all the music I requested, it's losing its touch.
Very good
Let's me listen to music with out enter net
Cool app
All I can its awesome
What happened to the youtube links. Now can't find anything I'm looking for wtf
This is by far the worst music downloading app ever
Love it
AAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWEEEEEEESSSSSSSSOOOOOMEE
Doesn't search most music
Every song is on their and easy to use u will not regret using this product
I can't find any songs even the ones I already downloaded it only searched the word "the"
I've had it for three months now and steal can't figure out how to delete them. And only downloads remixes
Honestly i get that you guys needed to remove you tube but i am getting no results and i tried so many songs out all i got was the oppisite I dislike this app so badly!!!!
Im searching for the Official songs not for the Cover, Versions, or Remix 
I first downloaded it ran great. Most and I say most of the music I looked for was found. After about 2 months the app dissspeared and a bunch of my other apps started acting like I was infected. So I'm going to reinstall this app and see if it clears up my app crashing problem .. If not I may just uninstall it and do a factory reset on my phone and start all over with app installations. It's almost as much fun as reinstalling Windows on your desktop.
I had trouble hearing the music what is This
At first it was working but it stopped and when I went to download the other version it wouldn't let me
Music
YouTube results won't show, therefore I can't get any songs I want in an mp3 file. Please fix.
Hateful
I tried to find circus by Brittney spears. But I get a remix w/ the Beatles..
I can't find any of the songs..
THIS APP SUCKS MONKEY BALLS!
I try to open the app to download something but every time I do it closes out automatically. But this was fairly recently, it used to work fine and I loved it but this makes me so mad.
Wont find any of my songs
When I download some thing it don't show it suck.....!!!!
BOSS Akshay
I haven't tried in a while but I read you're comment about downloading it from you're main website and download apk. Then just go to my apk on my device then go to downloads and install. It works like before thank you frostwire I will be donating soon.
No good music don't bother
I am giving it 5  because if fast
It was great at first, then it all of a sudden changed in this very month. Idk what happened but I can't find any songs now. What happened?
Every time I download songs and delete the app all the song I downloaded gets deleted along side with the app this totally sucks fix this
It's really bad
Really it wouldnt open and when it does.it crashes the app please fix
It suck can't find my music or cant download music soo it suck
GreAt App
Why u no download ;-;
The music I had downloaded disappeared and music won't show
I am also having trouble finding music and downloading. Can you guys fix everything to me too ? I'm upset bc these songs are what I use to dance and this was the only way I could find my Spanish/English songs that I can't find with other apps.
I liked it
I don't know what happened to frostwire,had it last week loads of music, got a new phone now typed in few artists and nothing. Something has changed and I need to go somewhere else.
Garbo
I cant find noragami op sound T^T i really like the anime lol
Love the app I'll give it 4 stars because It docent has all the songs I love butt I works better than some apps I downloaded
I like to keep my library organized so i rename everything i download but everytime i add a new song the titles change back to how they were when i downloaded them. Whats up with that???
I recently got rid of this app because I needed space on my phone, and I can't find any of the songs I downloaded with this app. They're all gone. Why?
This was my favorite app until YouTube was removed. All search results suck! Please bring back YouTube or create a Frostwire Plus!!
This frostwire sucks 
I cant find anything.
Doesn`t have alot of the songs that I want.
End of story.
It was good before the update but now its suck,, it cant find the song,, please fix  it
It downloaded the song that i wanted but takes a few minutes
Good app
What happened!!This app used to be my favorite to download music.This app used to be great but now,R.I P frostwire
It stopped down loading no matter what I tried to search for
Does not recognize names of bands like Metallica...
Sucks cant find any music i want
I love this app until they removed the option to download youtube. USELESS NOW
It has a lot of results but it still doesn't download anything really
Love the songs
It's good but why is it so hard to find a song
This app didnt even load.. dont even try its a waste of time.
Can't find everything thing I'm looking for but it has some of my old joints
Frostwire had gone downhill ever since the latest update. When I search for a song, it says to try different key words or even a song does come up, it's a different song or only 1-2 songs. I've had this asp for about 2.5 years and now it's giving me problems.
J
Just download niqqa ill fvck u up
Lo he usado por anos  y ahora no puedo bajar ni una sola cancion ayuda por favor
Im not getting Youtube search I never had trouble until now
Most songs are remixes by other people can't find any original songs.
i download frostwire plus but it doesn't install
All remixes UGH
I`ve had the app since it was working with youtube. It makes me sad it doesn`t work anymore. I could find all the christian songs I searched for in spanish which are hard to find with other music apps. I was able to download quite a few on my tablet when it was working with youtube so I'm very thankful. Hopefully it goes back to how it was. I still give the app 5 stars since it has to do with rule...
I'm a singer and I love to listen to music ...... I used to could a download YouTube music but now I can its only showing SoundCloud remixes of the song and I don't like it please fix it or I will un-download the app period bc it has too many problems.
It's alright but they need more songs like blah blah blah n real n a lot more songs
I'm not hating it. I just am mad that they don't have fnaf songs on it. ;-;
It was working fine with YouTube. Now I can't even find the songs that I am looking for. YouTube is the only source that frostwire had that was a trust download site due to the fact that they didn't have all those dumb remixes.  They had the actual song.  PUT YOUTUBE BACK ON THERE!!!
Wasent really anything spiecial it was alright but sine songs i could not get ....help?
FOrstwire
I finally found an app i loved.. Ever since the past two updates it has stopped looking up song every artist only has two song and the rest are remixes or some bogus add.. I want the old app back that i fell in love with... If not i will delete this app. PLEASE FIX THOUGH..
No songs this app sucks !!!!!
It's like the whole app just stopped. It was the best one ever. Now it's not working. No songs can be found.
Perfect app!
This app was so stupid
I hope this 4 stars makes it download faster
Its retarded
New update sucks man I cant find any songs please u guys gotta fix this app
Since you removed youtube the app aint worth anyones time
Its ok
It works pretty good
This is crap
I loved this app and now that I can't find anything that I want have uninstalled it. Don't know what happened but it used to be my favorite at and only app I use to download stuff but now I can't find anything. Its early uses to me now and have uninstalled it.
I really like this app. Some songs have lots if covers
I went from being to have any song I could ever dream up to now getting a "Not Found" page :(
Absolutely terrible!!! This was a awesome app b4, but now totally crap???
Sense they got rid of the you tube search a lot less of what I want shows up.  The only reason I haven't Uninstalled is to keep the few things I managed to get
Downloading take longer while on wifi..
I'm super disappointed this app was so much different a year ago. Nothing is working! I miss how it used to be where you could download youtube versions of the song. Sorry but this is no longer a 5 star to me but a -1.
I love listening to all my songs
Good
It doesn't wooooooork
When I search for song not by YouTube it gives remixes
Worst
So far so good..... Can't download video from youtube. Need help!
Not good
The app won't even run on my phone anymore. Most songs are remixes and this used to be such a good app. So disappointed.
I installed this app because it was recommended by a friend to be very easy. It was. But not anymore. Get the YouTube selections back or I'm uninstalling it. I mean what's the point if I can't find anything??!!!
Gives u viruses
I have no idea what all these one stars are like I got what I wanted within seconds
Good
Won't work at all keeps closing when I open
Love it
Not happy too. Same problem with Jessica.
I see it updated..and I like it at first wasn't doing anything guess you have to give it time .I can give it a 5 star now .you don't have to be online to listen to your songs you downloaded I like that..
Bad
I had this on my PC a few years ago, & it worked great. Not anymore. Doesn't even have the oldest Eminem albums. Would rate 0 stars if.possible. Utorrents the best.
Yes best thing ever
Doesn't find the music
So I installed frostwire because sumone recommended it to me for mp3 songs, I fell in love with it immediately!! BUT NOW!!   since I updated any song I find has to be downloaded from extra torrent and sum other crap I don't Kno, WTH??!! I don't like that its changed, I don't trust these other sites not to give my phne a virus or sumthin and it takes long to dwnload a song, uuughhh!!  I'm uninstalling it. So sad now, this messes up my music experience wit dis app. That sucks!! :/
Hey
When I was searching something recently, it doesn't show up... Please add more songs!
Cant go wrong
What is going on? Did y'all lose a bunch of rights? I used to love this app. Was my very fav. Now it doesn't pull up anything except covers. Come back frostwire. Come back!
I use to like it until YouTube songs got deleted
This was my go to app for getting all of my favorite music, and ever since I've updated it every time I search for a song the only options I get to download are either a remix or someone's cover.
my files don't let me rename them for songs, & when I search stuff itll only let me search by certain tags. if I want a specific song or something I have to type the artists name & find the song
Gave me the music I was looking for
Awesome
Nice
I will not download I can not find songs movie are one of the things I like to download but it stupid now do not get this app
To keep files after u uninstall frostwire. You have to move the downloaded files to your music folder on your device or SD Card. Go into the torrent data file and move folders or individual files then you'll be able to uninstall frostwire or change your device without losing your data. Hope this helps. I used to use frostwire all the time now use it sporadically. Searches now are hit and miss.
Like really..
Ew covers
Can't find music anymore, it was better before :/
Don't find some songs
You get everything only some songs tho
Not one song i look for is on here. Why doesn't it have any new music?
Awesome, really fast on the downlaods and the quality is top-notch
This ap used to be good
The hell with Google play wish I could give it zero stars
I can find musics and videos sooo easy
No point of this app unless you enable YouTube downloading! And can't download the plus version off the official frostwire site. Its gonna be hard to find a app that does the same that frostwire used too do
I dont now why people are saying bad stuff about this app. YOU PEOPLE DON'T NOW HOW TO USE IT!!!
Can't find any of the song I'm looking for so I'm deleteing this app its not useful anymore.
But can you fix when you download it it says tmp
useless apps
It works guys. I went to frostwires twitter page and got step by step instructions and it's all good again. Whew...
Less songs available for me....not sure why, none of the songs I search come up. Please help
I live it its the best downloaded yet,its a really good downloaded to has a lot of variety of songs
when I finish download 2 it always has an error in showing the first one
Why is this happening.  Suddenly error.
It sucks youtube has all the songs
The fact that no YouTube version pops up REALLY makes me want to delete this app and just go back to IHeart Radio, Rhapsody, and Pandora!! Without the YouTube, we can't get anything. Only thing pops up is SoubdCloud and I hate SoubdCloud.
No songs
I used to love this app. I have hundreds of songs. Now that YouTube was removed I can't find any music! Even tried to download the file from the site to keep finding music and it won't open even tho I downloaded foxfire browser and tried getting it there. Anyone know another music app to download from  for free????
Before I could find songs quick but not it pops up a couple of songs but not the one I want plz fix
It's not giving me any songs or video,   maybe just one or two ..
I'll been trying to download music and it  seems to not work properly
The update sucks
I never had any problems with this app the past 3 years, recently (within this past month) I cannot pull any music up, at all. Old or new
I hated now. I can't search up what I wanna search up
Good
Most of the music I tried searching up sadly could not find at all :( very disappointed thought this app was awesome till couldn't find many songs I wanted to get
I thin this app is so good u can find all the music the u looking any tipe
Because you guys had to remove YouTube from the search I can't find music I will most likely delete this app and find one that supports YouTube download
I thought this would be good when I downloaded it but the actual performance is so off.
I can't find any songs frost wire used to work great but now it sucks
runs super slow and nothing comes up.
Wax app
Loved it but it is a dude in the thing
Found the albums i was looking for, good sound, fast download
After visiting the support page, the YouTube issue has been resolved, and all is awesome once more.
This is bad. It should get 0 stars you can't even search up anysong and I had this before on my old phone and it wasn't like this. CHANGE IT
Probably the best music app I have as of right now. Only a little bit of problems finding some songs but that's it
What happened!?There's only 1 or 2 songs available!
Its not good without youtube
What happened to this app not Good can't find none of my songs....
Af
Can't find a single original song
I try to find a song on frost wire,  and ONLY GET REMIXS AND COVERS. NEVER the original. So annoying.
before the update, this was an amazing app. now I cant find any songs I search for, or they're mainly covers. uninstalled, sorry.
Love the one-app set up. You can do everything from the app. I like that you can queue and download entire album torrents, it's simple, and easy. While it is a large file, it's worth the space use and you'll never need another mp3 downloader.
All of my music (foreign music) is on YouTube.... I just sorta benefit from it naturally :l
When I first got the app, it was the BEST!!! I didn't even need to use ANY other music apps. But now, I'm back to square one for trying to find a really good music app......like this one USED to be! :-\ I read through the other reviews, and I understand why you had to change it, but NOW WHAT??? What about those of us who already had the app, only to find it had been changed with NO warning??? If I uninstall, I risk losing the music I already have! There must be SOMETHING that can be done!!!
Terrible. What happened to this beautiful  app. Put it back the way it was.
When I find the song I'm looking for a different person singing it
It changed and now sucks.
if you go to the frostwire website and click "download apk" then you can still get youtube on frostwire. just a little info for all you complaining people.
Ok
It shows youtube videos instead of music.
Trato de buscar el titulo , el astista y me sale que no puede encontrar nada , bbuuuu  =/
Running lolipop on my htc seems like these guys are plauged by chrases like all the other apps trying to support the new android os.
Works perfectly! The best music downloader on goggle!
I downloaded the additional file since they were having copyright issues with youtube and now when I search for songs nothing comes up just things that have nothing to do with what I searched. I hate it. Probably will be deleting soon if it doesn't get fixed
Can't find any songs, freezes and won't download anything. Would give ZERO stars if had the option.
It was good
Best app on my phone
You songs stopped downloading ..
I'm going to be blunt. This app is bad now. Everything about it that made it good is gone. Finding songs you look for that aren't popular enough for radio are basically impossible to find. The site and torrenter us still decent but this app is absolutely terrible.
I used this app for a long time but now i can't find any music I want
Well is time to uninstall this app... no more YouTube songs.
When i try to go back to the downloading list to see tge progress, i am DISAPPOINTED to see that they're GONE. The whole list is GONE.                      PLEASE FIX THIS.
It is so fast I looked at it and it was done and now I finally have a music app that relly work and I am happy
Not working
This app sucks balls
Good app...
Its a great app, although it doesn't have some songs. Sugar, by Maroon 5, Am I wrong, by Nick and Vinz, neither of them are in frostwire. The remixes, or something like that, are on there. Please fix and I will give 5 stars just add these songs
Bring back the YouTube searching and you will get me back. 
Wtf frostwire deleted all my music why???it was decent even without the YouTube but deleting all my music frostwire sucks now I found a better app anyways this is not worth downloading at all any more
It's a good app. That's all.
Would i lose my songs if i uninstalled the app bcz youtube isn't on frost wire anymore or would i need to keep just for the songs???
Not happy with it at all anymore. Uninstall!
It went from the best thing ever to worst app in the world! Why o why you guys are not us youtube?
I deleted the app by accident so imedeatly i downloaded it again and now it wont let me access youtube. Thats the only reason i loved this app. I always recomended it to everyone :( now im off to search for a new one which sucks because it take months to find a good one. Ugh.
I would!   Cannot find anything  i like and want anymore it is a bad unservicing app..especially with YouTube,.  im unistalling ASAP! very unhappy.will not download  ANYTHING  AND ITS A WASTE OF MEMORY!
At first it was a 10 out of 5 but now it's bad yall  took the youtube off how we gone download music? Yall gone lose hella people yall betta just violate them rules from YouTube give the people what they want everyone gonna install if tall don't fix
This app sucks now u cant download anything from youtube im not recomending this app to anyone its junk uninstall brahh!!!
It worked great til I updated to lollipop. Now it crashes as soon as I try searching for a song. Even after uninstalled and reinstall HTC one M8
I downloaded frost wire plus and the YouTube section works until I turn my phone off, and then I end up having to reinstall frost plus for my android 5, otherwise I'm OK with frostwire
It won't search songs you lookup for it takes too long time search and needs to be more specific
Can you use the YouTube selection in the desktop version?
It was a great app until they removed the option to download from YouTube.
No
Some songs I was looking for i.e. bezerk by Eminem, show up even though its Vevo but there are other vevo recorded songs. Fix this please
Doesn't work like it use to only covers pop up
I downloaded this for some new songs since the other one i tried to use crashed this one may not crash but it has no songs. At all idk why anyone would download this if you cant get real songs. I heard it was better before to bad i didnt have it then.
Doesn't have a lot of the songs that I like and you can't preview the song before you download.
I can't find anything
It's very good app
Love it
Was better, no YouTube
Before I updated this it was working good but now I updated it doesn't work yall need too fix this ASAP cause this was the best app ever to download music now it sucks 
I just download it and pow it works who new now I can download and stream music and TV shows music videos and more y'all should really download if music needed
It WAS ok
Yall have good music
No point its all soundcloud. Faggy af
No Matter what u do or how desperate u are for music this app has entered it's plague of death
I tells me to try different spelling.            Hate it
Infect your memory card slot for me
Download's really slow and does not know most of the songs
All the songs I look up are remixes its almost impossible to find one real song. Nobody cares about the lame wannabes off of sound cloud I just want the real song!
It worked for me.....
I'm trying to download a song called die in a fire by the living tombstone and it says nothing can be found &lt;\3
Nice downloading quite impressed
I dont recomend this app to anyone it cant download anything
Can't find anything anymore
It was alright at first then it started to act up and it wouldn't download anything needs alot of work !!
Was the best for music now u can't find any songs
Music download
Woowww it is excellent :*
Ok
It doesn't even search on any music it just says no music found
Love this app muisc
Used to be really good, now u only get remixes..none of the original songs
There is a huge lack of music on this app. 1\8th the things I want do they actually have.
nice
Had to delete and redownload the .apk for the second time since the whole youtube-Google thing. Hopefully it's the last
I absolutely hate this app now. It used to be the best music downloader available. Now it's just crap. The whole purpose of this app was to download songs from youtube now all I give me is gay soundcloud. Screw that. I will be uninstalling the app. That's for sure.
I've used to download nonstop & i love this app. But since the new update i can't downloaf anything. Please fix frostwire.
On my old phone found everything I wanted and due to upgeade I'm not getting all search results I want
Its not loading all the YouTube stuff its messing up
doesn't search for songs. all the download apps suck!
;)
It was fine but recently it just shuts down or I can't fund any music from popular artists
could use a update on speed and a larger variety of music, other than that its a great down loader
I have used frostwire for a very long time. I understand the Google playstore regulations, but even after downloading it from the site, it worked for a few days and then got sucky with no music available. Finally uninstalled. Don't download. Waste of time now and poor quality.
I used to be able to dl from youtube since up dating it only shows  sound cloud. I'm very disappointed as that was my main use of this app now considering uninstalling this app 
Ok
Its so stupid I hate this app so much
I found all the music i wanted and Its really good ignore all the reviews 
HAMBONE
Let me download two things then just stopped letting me
It works great for the first few times I use it. Then either everything I try to download is an error or nothing comes up when I try to download... so annoying. Thank you to frostbite for getting back to me on how to download with YouTube outside of playstore. You took the time to answer me. You guys are awesome... now can you fix the glitches.... please..
New update crashes on loading.
Can't do anything with your app. You should have kept YouTube on
Its award-winning
Don't work for me now
I have over 600 songs on this app and I try to open the app to play my songs in my car, and the when I click on the app it opens and immediately closes. It will do this for hours. I'm irrate now.... Really! Like wtf!? Can't wait to find a better music app or get myself an iPod. This is getting ridiculous. It's one thing after another!
I can't find anything anymore.. Everything from YouTube doesn't show up in searches anymore. I used to be able to find anything and everything and now I can't even find a single song  I want anymore.. It's been like this for quite some time now and it's really disappointing. I used to love this app over any other music downloaded but now I have to uninstall till this gets fixed..
It Takes Forever To Find It And Its Not Even The Right Song
I hate it
The app won't even open to play the music.... I'm deleting this app and making sure all my family and friends do also. No need to take up space of it can't be used
I used to be able to download songs that were from youtube but now its only giving me songs fromsoundcloud
it can actually download music better then them other downloaders
It gives me the songs I want but some of the things that pop up doesn't make sense.
You took of YouTube. That was the only source I used to get the music. The app is now useless. It was a great app to use music but now with the update its awful.
Not good for right now it download music from YouTube but now it doesn't work
Hard to find the song you're looking for
I tried to download NWA straight outta compton
Every time I try to see my music it crashes
I want YouTube back!!
It sucks
No.
I had this app for a while and it worked great. But after last update, everything change I can not find a single song anymore.
Derrick
Excellent but could do bettr to download youtube videos.
Sucks
Wish you could listen before downloading, but still fast and a pretty good app
I can't believe youtube was removed from the searches ran!!! I've went from loving this app, finding every song I could think of to I HATE this app, I'm lucky to find what I'm looking for and if I do the files arent compatible with the music player on my Samsung Galaxy S3. ....this new update combined with the fact my music library randomly disappears has ruined me on frost wire
Try it
People download Frostwire so they can download music from Youtube. That is what made Frostwire THE place to go for music. Now that Youtube is no longer a choice, we don't know where to go to get good music. I have been using this for years, but this new update ruined it. Figure out how to get Youtube back if you want good ratings and happy consumers.
This application used to be Good but No more
It works perfectly for me!
Worst app made for music.
I uninstalled then reinstalled this app and now it's saying it's unable to play this type of audio file.
I like it
Cool
Amazing!
Not only when I search music do I either get "can't find please try again" if it does find a song it only gives Me two search results. On top of all that regardless of what I do it continues to randomly start playing music. Rather I listened to it yesterday or one week earlier. Was one of the best apps out now not so much. In the market again for another app......
The best
Very very happy
At first I could search and download any song but now I search for the same thing it said no results for so and so why did y'all screw thing up stop turning stuff from the best to the worst
Takes way to long to download songs.
I looked and looked for songs but they would not show up. Hate this app!
I loved it
Eminem
I Have used this for ages now, i can't even search the song i want to download, i can't download any music. This is getting beyond a joke now. Sort it out. 
When I try to type the song I want it gives me keywords and every keyword I press it doesn't show anything
I used this app for years and I was able to download a lot of songs, and now I can't find them. All of a sudden all of them have been taken off. Please fix this problem.
Y would they take away youtube
They don't have any songs I want!!! Wtf
Cant Find Any Music Anymore Used To Be The Best App Now Cant Find Music or even download
This app went down the drain... 
I ended up with most of the fall out boy songs in not even a minute each  doesn't take long and easy to use
I LOVE IT  ...
I continue to download music from frostwire but it keeps putting my music into google play but not able to actually play them so sad I've been using frostwire for over 2 years on all of my devices guess I will finally uninstall no point in wasting space
Trying to download it would let me and it wouldn't search something too.
Ok my music
I've had this app on numerous devices for some time but lately I've had to download almost "supplemental" music apps due to a solid 85% unavailability of songs. Also, I find that if I search for the same song using different sequences (ie Led Zeppelin Thank You, Thank You Led Zeppelin, led zeppelin thank you) I get different results every time, rarely I'll get lucky & find the song I'm looking for..But who has time to search for the same song 20x, 20 ways? Atrocious library.
Love this app
It would be better if I could test the song BEFORE I download it. Searches suck now. Also unless the "pro" version is free I wont believe any excuse you give.
Youtube's gone
But then Google messed it up. I loved frostwire until Google made all the youtube downloads unable to torrent. I don't want SoundCloud torrents, I want real music. The only reason I still have this is because if I uninstall it all the music I downloaded won't work on my phone. Plus the Frostwire+ doesn't work. Tried to download it on my phone. It doesn't open on my Galaxy S4
I wanted to listen to YouTube songs!! And they think they can make up for that with a stupid response that doesn't help at all!!! IT SUCKS!!! DO NOT GET!!!! THIS APP IS AWFUL!!!           
So I'm trying to download music but the YouTube selections won't show up only SoundCloud. Why is that? Please help.
Wish I could download whole CD's Like Chant Down Babylon.
It only wrked for a few days and now it on only play a few seconds tgen it stops
Its horrible I can't find any music
The fact that you couldnt allow youtube downloads anymore because of google policies doesnt make the change any better.
Love it..
I type in the song I want and it pulls it up but it won't let me download it. New to frost wire and already don't like it. Fix immediately
Like I totally hate this update because I can't find any of the songs I want . So yall needs too change it back to normal
It just SUCKS
Uninstall now
It used to let me get the music I wanted, but now it just says error or no search results.
Sucked
I dont like this app at all anymore , every time i search up a song it says " no results were found ."
Need to bring back the Youtube Torrent or w.e it was cause this sucks now. -uninstalls-
It'z still loading but I believe it wil be the best app
Even after downloading frost wire plus outside of google play, every search that i made only gave me like 2 results. Used to be one of the most potential apps in the market but lately it just completely fell off.
Good to hear my favorite songs on it
It used to be the best app
The app stops working when you don't use it for a few days
I think everybody should use it
I'm so upset with frostwire. This WAS my number one music downloading app and now there's like no songs I can find to download. I even tried un-installing it then re-downloading it, still did not work. So fix it. I need my music downloader back.
The real problem is the creators of this app because they had to be born. This app sucks and u recommend to not download it because it can really mess up ur phone
Sucks!  Won't even start to download
This app sucks. Never installing again. And I recommend no one does.
Well, thanks. Its good to know that there are reasons that i cant re-find things. thanks frost-wire for replying.
Hi
Takes to much of your data . & doesn't download the songs you want right.tbh don't waste your time downloading this app
I wouldn't  download this,just updated think wow update and there is no more YouTube. Can't find anything  reliable
I reinstalled the app and I erased it. Again! This was a good app. Now I can't find any music that I like.
Music downloads very fast
Awesome app it works!
You. Love. Martha. Brooklyn.
It doesn't have all the songs I want
It seems like this app has changed. I cant find ANY of the songs i search for. It only pulls up 1 or 2 songs for an artist when ot use to be any song o wanted. I had to get a new phone and lost ALL my music but i thought it was ok since i had FROSTWIRE. Well it not ok after all. THIS APP BLOWS!!!!!
No pictures .
Horrible, doesn't work anymore, not recommended
After years I'm finally uninstalling. Not the awesome app I use to love.
Sucks now
Doseent download anything
This doesn't give newer newer songs
Fetty wap
Hate
I loved this app now I can't find anything...I'd give it a zero star but can't
No point in this app any more since there are no search results. Used to love this app
Cannot find all the songs or artists im looking for
Searches but can never find results even for popular things
Don't download this crap. I hate it. That's why I deleted it. I don't see how this app has 5 million downloads. I don't see why and how it's number one on the charts because it sucks. So don't download. It's nothing but a waist of time and space.
Sucks try to pull up songs I want it doesn't have any of them
Raw
Unfortunately frost wire has stopped. The message I get now.  So now I give frost wire 1 star.
This is the worst fix it now damm you see all these made costumers
The new update sucks I'm uninstalling
I'm not sure what is going on with this but it use to be an awesome app now it sucks, the songs that I found I can't find anymore it keeps telling me to shorten the word even tho it shows you the whole title as if it has it and then takes a long time thinking then it says it can't find it.... What kinda crap is that and plus you can't keep non of the songs...... I had to switch my phone so when I did that I lost all of my music from last time I used this app, tried to get songs back saying can't find it????
Its awesome.... I have no problems idk know why you guys are saying junk about it its awesome now i can do videos with music with out useing 2 different diveces its awesome and i have my most fave music to listen to when i go places..... I travel so it comes in handy..... ONCE AGAIN...... ITS AWESOME!!!
I really was happy with this app but now I can't download any song. Someone know about other app like the last version of this.
The app use to work so well now whenever I look up a song nothing comes up. Uninstalling
Sucks can't find any songs I'm looking for such crap
Hate this app after I updated it...no more search results:( fix it
Thinking of uninstalling. Used to love frostwire...
Guys using Firefox browser type frostwire plus download the apk version then you will have YouTube back it's super quick and easy took 10 seconds
Lol
Didnt find any of the songs I was looking for, was extremely slow when searching, there's much better ones out there.
You can get the YouTube search results back, check there website!
This was the best until 3 weeks ago it's the wrost
What a boring app
Couldn't find songs I like
Great app for downloading music!
:-/
It doesn't have some songs I like
After having frostwire for so long, it's seems likes it just stopped working. I try to look up a song and the song is not found. Before this app was best but now...it just sucks. I have no use for it on my phone now :(
Don't download!
Cool
App is fixed, and all is right with the world! Love it love it love it!!! (Not for the people with small data plans though...) Unless using WiFi, than it's a HOME RUN!
Best app ever! Keep it up! But it won't let me open it...
All it has is useless covers from wannabe artists. No good music.
Use to be able to find all my good gospel songs, now it just tells me not found, well hope you guys figure it out I'm gone. Bye, Bye.
The app used to be great but no music will download anymore.
Are you guys now figuring out ways to get YouTube videos and mp3 to be downloaded?
Idk what happened it was the best one to download music help me pls
Idk
If you are a HUGE fan of music like me, this is the app. It is free music all on frostwire. Incredible app.
Eh
This app served every music need I had, It could find any song I wanted and I fell in love with this app......then you guys took youtube searches off and now your app is garbage...I cant find any song im looking for ever and you say its faster searching and all that in the description when now I sit and look for 10 minutes for one song....it is ridiculous and your app is now a waste of time and space. Have fun losing a bunch of likers of this app! Thanks for ruining everything.....
Great
Had this app and was the best music app ever all of a sudden there are a lot less search results and I cannot find anything I'm looking for
This app use to be the best but now, u cant find anything
K
it suck apps
Doesnt want to download
It used to be so fine. But then it just suck when it updated. Bring back the old one!!!
It's just so boring
I had to do a master reset on my phone which deleted everything but before the reset I downloaded up to date songs from fw now after the reset it's not giving me no updated songs and it's running very slow I use to use fw from computer and downloaded a lot of songs now I'm using it on my note 4 I would have given a better score but I don't know what's going on with it now so once fixed I will rerate
This app sucks now
Don't waste your time
Scrap t off if it can no longer serve its previous n primary function...now u out there, don't even try downloading this app...
I typed in Prince,  then controversy.... It doesn't know who Prince is...  One more test then the uninstall will happen... No R&B.. Sad app as with all the rest
I use to be able to download anything but now I can't find nothing... Uninstalling.
By taking off the youtube option this app is pointless.
Can't find any music now
With just a bit of searching this app is awesome, thanks for the bug fixes
What is the point of having an app that says it can download music, yet when you try you can't even find one song. Definitely not worth anyone's time.
I too loved this app until a couple of weeks ago and I couldnt find any more music I could download. I read the reviews to see if I was the only one and I wasnt. Not only did I read the reviews but also the responses made by the app provider. I followed FrostWire instructions and I have been downloading music all day before another law passes. Thanks for the info and actually taking the time to respond to your users. P.S. I had to download Firefox to open the file. It doesnt work with Chrome.
Its really slow
Simple no YouTube no help
This app was awesome at first, but later on, when I tried to download a song for an important reason, It didn't have anything close to what I was looking for, better yet it had nothing showing up for my searches. I would rate this 0 stars if I could. Plz Fix, and I will rate 5!
Can't download anything
I can't download actual songs anymore they're all from soundcloud. Now I want the original song not a remix.
Every song I type in it says unable to find as if it don't exist I mean please I think ik if I heard it b4 don't bother with this app
What do you mean my device has hit an edge every other app works great never had an issue till a few mins ago it doesent give a crash report it just goes right to my home screen when It starts to load there's nothing wrong with my phone it's brand new like a couple months old
Frostwire was the only music app I found that let me download YouTube singers as well but now I barely get any results for anything even singers like Taylor Swift have like 12 results.
I love it because I can find all my favorite songs that I love on this app good job guys P.S better videos next time
Don't get this app. It doesn't pull up some certain songs and it takes too long to find a song.
It used to work great I dunno what happened crashing all of a sudden
This used to be the best app ever now that Google no longer let's you download from YouTube it is worthless! Deleting!
It's soooooooooooooo fvckin stupid
Its an awesome app. I get everything i want. They did cut off youtube but all you have to do is go and Google frostwire plus and download that and then you'll get youtube again. Super simple.
There's no need for frost wire then the main reason of having it was to download any song even from YouTube threw y'all but since google isn't letting y'all I think y'all need to come up with a different solution to be able to come to an agreement on working together I used to love this app now it just out right sucks y'all had all this good music for so long and I guess after 2 weeks ago it all stops I've had frost and lime wire for a while and I should've token advantage of it while I had the chance......
I have used this app for years on all my devices, I have recommended it to family & friends they also loved it, now I'm finally I'm uninstalling, I can't find anything I'm looking for, none of the latest songs & YouTube is completely gone, man I loved this app, welp all good things come to an end, uninstalling on all my devices, no sense in keeping it & taking up space, bye Frostwire
Great app
Used to be great, but now the only music that pops up is Soundcloud covers.
As of 2 weeks ago, whatever song I needed I got with this app.. But now, I can put an artists name in, it's not even the person I was looking for let alone it's got so many prodigies, it's ridiculous. It says it's downloading, says finished and then crashes.. Will be uninstalling this app asap!
Best music app by far
I liked this app before now it's horrible the update still didn't fix it. I can't download any music now please fix I don't want to uninstill because I know ya'll can fix it.
The best
Used to be good, sucks now.
Great for new movies
but why not all the songs i can't download but don't worry i love it very much kept it update
Music
Not good I mean use to be good but not u can't download YouTube music on this anymore which suck when u search a specific song they don't know n ask for a retry like really until there a update to fix this 5 star will b added
What's the point of having a url option. but 1) it never pulls anything up and 2) it doesn't convert video to mp3.... Did this app recently update? All it does is crash now. I'm disappointed. It was 4 stars despite the missing features, until today
Didn't have Any of the songs I wanted.
Dope app....
I used to love this app.  But now it's not working.  And when I tried to go download the new plus version it wouldn't let me open it.  I don't know what you did to it,  but very very disappointed.                       Update 4/24/15: using Firefox to download the frostwire plus to update the existing frostwire worked and the it is now working wonderfully again.  Thank you for the help!
A friendly user app, multipurpose app. In short, for me it's one of the best app. Thanks maker.
It just good very good
But now it just auto crashes.
Garbage!
After the new update there's no songs. Before the update I downloaded a 3 doors down album after the update it uninstalled from my phone and it won't come up when I search, really gone downhill fast
Doesnt load
Only remixes are available.. Not at all recommended or songs !
I wish you guys could bring youtube back because that was the only domain I used to download my music
Its not working
It's working at first but when you search again it says "no results found" and you have to exit the app before you can use it again!
Don't download this app
Search 'William Shakespeare' - 'no results found'. Says it all really.
Use to be able to find anything!! Can't find none of my home town artists or songs!!! I'm very disappointed and upset!! Change it back because I do not appreciate the change!!!! If I can find it on YouTube I should be able to find it here!!!! Ughhhh
My friends told me about this and I only been using frosts wire for a year now . it sucks now  I can't find any of my favorite artists and please make turn off and on dill for covers and remix some people might just like original songs from the artists
Very good
Most songs won't download and those that do. It will not be the song you where looking for . I tried to get 30 songs from this app several hours later. I manged to download four songs i wanted.
Works really well but now the songs I download don't sync into Google Play music..not sure if that's from the update or not.
Was a great app until the last update. Now I can't get any songs.
I just downloaded it a second ago and I searched a few different titles to songs, and all of them came up under zero results. And keep loading. Please fix, I really used to love frostwire back in the day.
Downloads keep going on pause. Wont stay downloading
It works perfectly and you don't have to have WiFi to listen to the songs you download. My only complaint is that after you have it for so long it stops working.
It used to be cool but then it just started crashing.
Had files on my SD card that I didn't even download from frostwire those ended up getting deleted when I had to swipe phones and the search results are whack as ever now..
No you tube i dont see the point. I was starting to like SoundCloud but gone too
I removed it. It doesn't have a lot of songs you'd want. Don't waste your time!
Why would you guys take out the YouTube search????? I can barely find any of the songs I wanted! If you can fix this I'll give you 5 stars because its still a pretty good app to use to download music.
A good place for music.
Doodoo, crap, junk, poop
Work great
Awesome
I was able to find everything I wanted at one point but now the search results come up pretty barren it's a shame perhaps you cant find alternate places to find music
Theres only a few songs to choose from when you search a song and none of them are the right ones. Used to be awesome now it totally sucks
This app was great but now it just won't open for me, it says it has stopped working
Not downloading
This app really sucks
Started off awesome, every song i wanted from youtube videos, but now every song i search for.... nothing. Please fix ASAP.
Don't waste your time
Yolo swag
i like this app man. its actually cool
It would download stupid songs that i didnt download but they never worked.
There's no metal music at all couldnt even find songs from bands like metallica or black Sabbath
It no longer allows me to download music from YouTube like it used to!
Would have rated five before but since update its crap
I went in to it I trided to download a song then it went to a black screen
Haha dope =ao=
The only problem I have is when you download something it goes to downloads and you have to go back to the tab to download more and it's a battery drainer and the videos are gone
Any music downloader I've ever had has let me use ringdroid on the sings I downloaded. Every time I make a ringtone it either gets wiped or it's distorted. Really stupid. And every time you download a song you have to download a couple because one might be messed up.. Great library, though.. Only reason it's getting three stars..
It used to work now it downloads and stops. Then I'll try to get it to go again and it says check connection and the connection is fine please help I want it to work again love getting movies to watch at work haha
They shouldn't even made the app
Had none of the songs I searched for. I'm surprised for an app that has 4 stars.
Music
Nice
But now with new updates I can't find my songs anymore. 
This app messed up my music, any songs that this app played, can't be played after deleting the app, you really should fix
Since u can no longer get youtube stuff its pretty much just crappy remixes and covers of songs and its crap so yeah one star is were i stand till u put youtube stuff back on
When I first installed this app I said I will give a 5star + but all of a sudden every song I search is not appearing ...pleas fix this
Awesome
Ever since the 4/17 update frostwire has been crashing. It opens for one second and then says, "unfortunately frostwire has stopped. Sometimes it says that as soon as I turn the tablet on.
I've had it in the past and it worked found but now I downloaded it and it will only download one song that I never wanted and or don't know .I deleted it then downloaded it again and it is the same. Plz fix it
First of all, it took  all of  4 hours to download 1 movie and I'm all excited to check it out. Great quality video  but no and i mean no audio !!!! Ugh, very upset and disappointed
It used to be so perfect but now, u can't find what you're searching for
Inappropriate language
I like how frostwire actually responds to what people have to say
Used to love this...since YouTube songs have been deleted it no longer finds any songs
It says frostwire has stopped every time I try to open it please fix
It's not letting me find music off of YouTube
It's downloads all kind of music
Cant stream youtube music
Awesome
Everytime i have tried finding a song it won't let me download it. It will say theres an error and it only pops up one song
I loved it when I first downloaded it but soon after all it wanted to do was force close!! I tried just about everything I can think of ... I guess if it seems too good to be true that's cause it is !!!
I can't find no music..I try to look for artists but it doesn't give me nothing
Good app
Can't find any of the sounds I like
Ok at first but when u delete music it comes back  this has ruined the app completely
One is songs won't download, and two they barely have any of the songs I love.
I had just wrote a good report on this because before it could download any song you ever type I just downloaded it again and it won't even load the songs that it has downloaded in the past!
I love it but I decided it to delete the app all my music I downloaded all deleted
It brings up entirely too many things, but never the song you're looking for. Very few audio files. Kept it on my phone for two months and successfully downloaded one song.
Easy to ues
I like it gives me the songs I search for
This app was awesome Idk what happen I use to find every song I search now nothing plz fix
I LOVE THIS! This torrent downloaded finds 99.9% of music and videos I search for.The best ever.Super Dooper.Accurate and fast.Thankyou.10 stars. Patrick
Can't find any songs
Great
Cool at first
First 6 songs I searched for couldn't be found, they're pretty well know songs too...lame af.
I've found every song I looked for. And it has a pic for you to see . Other sites just has a blank spaces I have frost wire basic
Need to fix the reason why u cant download from youtube Its more convenient that way or find other torrents that work
Best one ever
Absolutely pointless app,can't find the songs I want and its not like I'm trying to find something obscure.
Was good until it started downloading songs on its own and used 2 gbs in a matter of moments.
Where I get all my music download for free
Used to be an awesome app now since the update its terrible. Cant find the songs I want and when you do from like the 5 choices they give you the quality is horrendous . It's basically useless now since the youtube search options gone.
Found some music but I dont like that you cant listen to the song before you download it. Theres also alot of songs that they cant find
I used to be able to find and download any song... Now I can't AND... Any search I do either song won't show up OR only a few show up and not the right ones.... Please go back to old one so Mich better I am ready to uninstall this app
When I download songs I expect it to be the artists not people trying to sing like the artist off of YouTube
I like this app
Awesome... I love this so easy to learn
Cant find any songs anymore the old version was way better.
Love it
I just got the app so it works pretty good so far...
Its not working on my phone. I updated it so many times yet its not working nicely. Im not gonna uninstall it till it fix.
I'll use the app for a day or two, then it will no longer work. When I search for things, it will come up, but when I download it, the entire thing shuts down and stops the download. So I delete it and reinstall it and it works again. FIX THAT.
I Only had this app for a day and I can only download four songs. It says it's going to download but It never does. Uninstalling after this review. Stupid.
Why i can't download from youtube??? It was tge best because i can download from youtube...
This was the best, #1 music down loader ever, now it sucks,  can't find ANY music, & only ever says "No results found". IF IT AIN'T BROKE, DON'T FIX IT!!! I am uninstalling, & millions more are to. Y'all went from being the ABSOLUTE BEST to the biggest piece of crap
Used to love this app but then about a week ago it wasn't finding any results for any songs I searched for and now for the past 5 days the app won't even open. Every time I try to open it it says unfortunately frost wire has stopped. What's going on??
Does not have songs I'm looking for like legend or know yourself
I wasent able to download songs hehe because of the new update it keeps saying try this or that and can never find my search results
I already downloaded four songs.It works better than other apps.
Could make it easer to get new songs though
I just wanted to download some songs and it is just crashing
Out of 50 songs only 1 of them was brought up... Also you can only listen to song after you downloaded it, so you really have to know who it's by.
I used to get songs straight from youtube. Now I can't get a single song as no results were found. I can only find REMIX of songs which SUCK. cmon man. what happened.
Yes this is good for all people
Until recently. Now all I can find is covers for supertramp pink Floyd dire straits and Fleetwood Mac. Come on, these are all so well known! Why is there only covers??
Wont even load when its open :( so just a blank screen worked the first time
I used to get so much results and options to download and then one day it just only give me frm 2 to none at all! I take back the stars i gave before to just one! If only i could take that one star down i would! Uninstalling this shitty app right about now!
I paste the url and it does not show anything at all
Update the artist songs and albums most of the artist I search you only have there old songs not new
I search an artist and it always says no result!-_-
When I got this it was awesome but then when I wanted to download music, it didn't come up with anything from YouTube. It was all stuff that wasn't even the right artist and were all covers. I recommend Music Paradise Pro because they have everything you would want and does transfer to Google Play.
I recommend this. I got this because my other music downloader app kept crashing but I like this one because it had a playlist option.
C'mon yall, its not workin for me at all, i could always copy a link in youtube and find it, What gives? #veryannoyed
4/5 would give 5 if I could search for a song in specific and it would actually show
I cant find any songs that i search up for i used to be able to find the songs but now there not there
This was much better before the update. I know that you had to comply with Google rules...but i cant find almost any of the songs I had...if there is anyway you can get us better search results I would definitely add a few stars.      Also you guys might want to add a short demo of the song you can listen to before you download it. That would make it much easier to see if its the version you wanted.
I tried to look up a song and i could never find it please dont waste your time downloading this shit
Goood
Will happen is it download it and it will not let me download any music at old I tried to download a best song I love called take the long way home but no it said you don't have enough space when I had over a hundred gigabytes I could use
What happened??
I downloaded anything from music , to YouTube videos and would be very satisfied with the content I could get from an app . it was like a dream . because of that new update now that when you search something you will NOT GET ANY YOUTUBE RESULTS.. very DISAPPOINTED..
Dope
I used to be able to get results from youtube but since the update, you took youtube off and now I get only like five results. BRING BACK YOUTUBE!
It found my favorite song by August alsina I've been looking for that for a week I love it the song is called I want to be rich!!!!!. This music downloader is amazing.
I think I like it more than any others
Won't let me find the songs I want anymore! It used to. Please fix it!
Sucks so many stupid remixes better off stabbing yourself with a fork than finding the right song don't download
I use to be able to find a song no problem. Now nothing I want is on here. What happened?
Awww man amazing
This app is utter filth. I can't find most of the songs I search for
I agree with everyone else is Bullshit all of a sudden.please fix asap
I used frostwire and loved it but I deleted it because I didn't use it and the music I downloaded won't play
It was great until the update it doesn't even show results anymore
Whoa!
Sloooooww asss heeell
This searching is terrible, and they have no good songs
Awsome
This app downloads music faster than any other music app I've used
Guys just download and enjoy simply the best
This app is cool and u guys should get it
Plz downloads
Good app
I wanna listen to it before I download it to see if it's the right one.
I used to love this app I could get any song I wanted now I can't even get half of what I used to have I don't think I'll use this app anymore unless some improvements are made!!
It siad frost wire stop working
Nice to look for songs but need s more
Good app
I hate this app it dose not work all I want is to download  1 song but it won't let me so I don't like it no one get it
It says no result found for songs I wanna hear please fix it
I didn't under stand it
I can't find any songs
Couldn't even find Florida georgia line. . Number 1 country band right now and they have 1 sing by them on here.  Horrible selection
It worked great at first and I used alot of data getting songs and a little while ago it shut itself down and refuses to start back up. I would redownload but I don't want to find and download everything again. Ill give it 5 stars if It gets fixed and I get to keep the songs
Ever since your last upgrade,this app is totally usless.I listen to 70's and 80's R&B,and Funk.Since your last upgrade,none of my searches have any results.So as soon as I finish with this rating,I will be deleting your app.You should have just left it alone.There was no need to "fix",what wasn't broken.Bye Bye,now.
It dose not work but will use all your data
This was my favorite app for months and now I can search any song anymore. Please fix this problem.
I has none of the songs I want.
I searched up a popular song, and no youtube sources were found, and only one soundcloud search, please fix it.
This app doesn't work anymore. I don't know what happen
Nice app
Used to be able to download music from YouTube but it won't allow me to anymore! I only get SoundCloud and that's not what I'm looking for
I Use To Be Able to Get Any Song But Now I Can't Find Songs That I'm Looking For
It carn't find any songs
There's no songs that we listen to now and it's too complicated.
Used to work now i cant find any song with the new update
Works FLAWLESS!!! finds the video I'm looking for and fast download!! I have access to all the videos at all times!! Great app...
I DONT THINK SAW GOOD
Not even close to the artists what I was looking for and the suggestion that gives me doesn't find them either huumm! Please do something about it.
Cant find what I want
There is never the real song I want always remixis
Was good before, don't know what is taking place. Pliz do something
It dose not work
I wish i could play the song before i download it.
This use to be the best app to get music movies etc now all I get is stuff from sound cloud so i cant find anything im looking for.sound cloud sucks!!!!
U can download movies, albums, and other things. I recommended.
Worked great at first. But you fucked it up... fix it...
This app sucks, waist of time. I hate it, so upset. :(
Downloads anything i want but when i try to download anything from the vices and virtues album by Panic! At the disco it will not download quickly like all the other songs i have downloaded
Plz get them back
Not bad
It was ok at first now I cant find any of the songs I want. It downloads and the when I open the song it cant find it on my phone
This is pure Quality. Simple and silent.
I like the app but not its forcing it to stop working and keeps kicking me off before i even try to look for a song.
I'm a dubstep kind of person and there there are there are a lot there are a lot of different versions to just just song. That goes for every song there is always a different version some are better for my taste than others. No matter what version it is I am easily able to find it and get it. Every now and then frosts wire doesn't have the YouTube or sound cloud links but little later on its back so I screen shot my songs so I remember what it is.
Good solid app is there any way to keep the songs if you accidentally uninstall the app
Don't need another music download app
I absolutely loved this app at first, not it keeps popping up a message saying try a different key word, when the artists are very well known. Please fix!
I downloaded this app because I wanted to download a movie for free named 8 mile but it didn't download I tried 3 different ones and it kept saying I had no room but I checked and I did and also that app made my phone very slow I have now uninstalled this app.
Ok app... Was a five star app
Was able to download songs without any problems found songs I couldn't find on other apps
Ok. So I've had this app before and it was my favorite app of all time for downloading songs!! And it had everything I searched for.... Now it has barely any of them!! Like Wtf! I would copy and paste the YouTube link and get nothing!! It used to work very well before!
Chupa mi bollas y pito vatos
I loved this app for a long time but now i cant download anything or find the songs i want the new update took away the youtube songs and some of the soundvloud and now the things available are just stupid not worth having the app anymore its a waste of space
Why i cant download the song by lea salonga the title is the journey i cant search "fuck you"
Can't even find one song
you cant find some songs
The app was better with youtube downloads i dont know why they got rid of them
Good app 5 stars
This use to be a very good app to get music from. Now, it won't even give me a song.
I just got the app and only got one song from it or won't give me any songs or bands that I'm looking for. I had the app before and got tons of music. But now that I got the app again, it won't let me get any other songs and is giving me less or no songs that I try to look up. Why is it doing that? And can you please fix it?
It used to work for a while but now it can never find songs on youtube, only soundcloud. Whenever i search a youtube url results never show up.
It doesn't work like it used to I  can't find my music like before please fix asap I love using this everyday
It Worked In The Beginning
Really hard to find good songs right now. They're all Remixes.
Love. It
It freezes up in use
Good
Keeps shutting down
Once you download new songs the songs previously downloaded stop working I hate it now I gotta delete all my music and start over
It work
This is What I'm talking bout man. Good and fast software to insure satisfaction to the consumer. Brilliant. I wonder if you ask him about me. ................ 
What happened after I updated the app I can no longer download and songs pls pls fix...
What's the point if I can't get any very popular songs
Totally sucks never down loaded any song uninstalling it
It won't let me download anything, I constantly try to download a song I like but then it says try something else
I tried other apps and they took forever or didn't download.... this app took like 3 seconds and I can find any song I like!!! I really recommend this app!
It doesnt let you download youtube songs anymore and then when I deleted the app I lost all my songs. This app needs to be fixed and updated and re done all over again before the thought of reinstalling crosses my mind
Y do y'all make it where when I delete the app it deletes the music plz fix
I got I to get YouTube videos and music and it was good for a month or two then it wouldn't. Let me search any thing
Love
By far my favorite music app! It's amazing!
Why don't the songs playfully?? This used to be an amazing site to get music, videos, you could even upload your own files -.-. I'd give this app two stars until the problem is fixed I have tried connecting it to my computer and it still plays 10 seconds of the music and stops and closes the app its self
No good, goofy app. I Download this app and 20 mins later it crashed. Not allowing me to even open app! &ulls#!+
This was my favorite app until YouTube searches were taken off.
Could be better
But it keeps the songs in separate albums
Worked at first. I can only remixes & covers, never the real song
I download only 4 music and one day its not downloading its only says downloading but its not happen at all pls. fix it and I will give you 5 stars
I like it but I frequently have to uninstall and reinstall because it refuses to open.  So when it works its great but kinda bugy
It limits the search of songs. The way they had it before when I could search and download from YouTube was better. Now its not worth a thing anymore. Please advise how I can search the YouTube files again
Xia lee
I couldnt look up any of the newer songs and it saids do you me what ever or retry
Thomas
Before i updated it i kept getting what i didnt searched up but now that i updated  i cant even search up anything. Just keeps saying error cmom now????!!!!!
Thanks a lots
I use this to download my favorite artists music. Just one question. Why is it that once I uninstall this app(I probably never would do.) That all the downloaded files in my SD card disappear?
With the new "Update" every song I search can't be found. You have just lost me as a server
It's ok
Hard to use,  can't listen to music before download
It was really great but now it sucks!
Frostwire
For some reason I can't download from YouTube and it always tells me I don't have internet, even when I'm beside the router.
This app took up 13% of my phone's storage... On top of that, it repeatedly downloaded the same song and that's just when you could find a song. It was good at first, but there's no reason to take up that much space.
The app won't even open
It took a few tries but it's back. W a few license agreements I'm slowly building my collection again. It takes a minute to get the hang of what keywords to use for the search results you want but I'm happy. Yay!
I used to be able to download any song I wantwd, then one day I try to search things and it suddenly only gets two results that have nothing to do with the song I was looking for... please fix.
It's good !!
It sucks
Sucks plain and simple
It was working good, but for some reason is not working good,  please fix it, and I will put 5 stars
It keeps stopping.
It sucks
Got the frostwire plus yesterday worked all day now this mornin wont load on my phone
Thanks for this sweet app
After a update those not what to download any music no more
Doesn't return a lot of songs for your search
I can download songs but as soon as I click on my music it force closes every time
Good for downloading albums
Was my favorite , had a lot of my family using it , not anymore. Thanks.
Useless I updated this app and now it's not working
Worst app ever. Uninstalling
Good app gives a good list of songs . Some bugs on different  phones would give 5 if wasnt for this .
Worked OK but some of the songs I downloaded won't play but worse I cannot erase it! I tired to erase the file from the android file management but I just can erase it. I think they might be some Trojan virus or something.
Used to be good. Now its really lame
Cool
Finally an app that has the song I've been looking for in all the others! It has a different layout as well, but I can't find any of the other songs i wanted..
a very good app..the best but since the update i can open the app for 15 secs until it closes
You can't hardly find any music at all! Very disappointed
After the new stupid update I can't download any music
music
Doesn't have all the songs that want
love it
It use to work great. I use to love it a lot but now it can't find any songs I want and only have little search results. I'm upset 
Loved it
I downloaded it thinking i would be able to download what ever somg i can but it wouldn't!! Dont download this
Good
This app sucks now, i cant even look for any songs all it says is no results found.
cant search  YouTube songs cuz of stupid update im gonna uninstall it
it's legit & it finds any song I search for. thanks for creating this 
Smh... Uninstalling
Can't even listen to songs from here anymore after I download them
I don't recommend this app if you're going to download many songs.
Now it sucks! if I could I would Give it the worst rating there is!
It is amazing stupid people do not know what they are talking about
Frostwire what has gotten in to you? Why can't I look up anything anymore?
Omg this sucks! I got to only download one song and it worked fine and now when I search up another song it doesn't even say there's such thing. AND ITS A REAL DANG SONG! What the llama. Like really?! 
Good job ruining the app by making files from YouTube dissapear
Great program
It was a good app but now it doesn't work any more
New update screwed this up!
Won't let me download songs
Now it won't work at all! Won't even open. Says its forced closed the app. Please fix!!
I now am unable to download music from youtube or any video. If this problem was fixed people would like this app alot better. sorry but before I never had this problem 1star
Needs to be updated
This app is very useless now I use to live this app now I can't find a single song on the app and no more YouTube downloaded this sucks
Perfect for House Heads.
This isn't nearly as good as the desktop version. None of the crap I search for via web browser doesn't even start downloading. Been an avid Frostwire fan for years and this is just crap.
Won't download anything after the update what's up with this?
I don't like it because I can't download it
Really loved the app until now I had to wipe my phone an lost some music now I can't even find songs on here I had downloaded previously please fix it back!
This app which I thought was trustworthy had put Radio Canyon Radio studio and another virus on my pc. When you click the boxes in the toc to say no to put them on it it still does, I used to love this app and now I hate it
This was my favorite music app but ever since the update it won't give me the youtube songs in the search list ..smh ..guess I'll have to find another app
I had this app for months and downloaded over 300 songs and I listened to every kind of music but after the updates it doesn't search like how it used to it doesn't find any of the songs I want
It was alright at first but now its not giving the results I want from YouTube.
Since the last update it won't let me download any music or when it does it won't let me listen to it.
What the heck you guys were awesome i downloaded some awesome music and now it is the worst app i downloaded plz fix and ill change this
When i first got this it worked beautifully but now it wont bring up anything i search for anymore..really need to fix whatever the prob is
I love this app for months n now I can't download nothing now because it will always say less results n it will only give me like 5-7 songs
I loved this app before this recent update. Please bring youtube back and it's a definite five-star
:P
Good
Everytime I tried to download a video it say error and I have good enternet
This  app is fuck no ruslts
Used to love this app but now it sucks and I just uninstalled it.  Even with the "plus" version every time I use it it keeps pausing and I have to babysit the download. The further it gets to finishing it pauses more frequently and never finishes. What did you guys do? I'd give it zero stars if it were an option. Fix it, please!
I am really displeased with the app now can't look up anythin good by frostwire
When I tried to download the frost wire plus It wouldn't open it would just say "file can't be open" and also I know there are some original songs on SoundCloud but when I search a song the results will only show remixes and covers which I don't want please fix this
Sub zero
It started off being the best app. Not everything you search for it does not have it
I use to love this app could download anything. Then all of a sudden it just stopped working. Guess so find something new.
It's helpful
Worst app ever!!!!
after a month is just sound cloud, I can get music from what happen to the app it was the best, I'm ready to by pass it like the rest
At first it was working but now it can't show search results
But now I can't download nothing
Like
Did all it says it does. No disappointments
Good
Frostwire was so good and now its not working..everytime i search for a song it says no internet connection..why??? if i have wifi!!please fix it
There use to be many songs and videos but they have dramatically decreased the ammount.
It keeps on jumping back and forth to Where it is going frm almost done to half way done fix it
Okay..at first i was able to listen to any song and now this stupid app doesnt even work now...i didnt even have this a full day or even a full hour... Its a piece of crap i do not recommend this app to any one
Great music
Now it doesn't even give video results. Keeps on saying "try other keyword" gotten worst.                                           Just uninstalled it
I have a galaxy prevail and it didn't have a built in music player so I downloaded this and it works good. 
THE BEST MEDIA SHARING APP OF ALL!!
No one can hack on to my phone to add country i hate country so this is the best music app i ever downloaded!
This sucks. The app no longer works good
Press download, other files start downloading that u didn't click on. You'll be sitting there deleting files that u didn't want. Naw. Easier to google for the stuff I want.
Awesome!
Will we ever be able to download from YouTube again ?
No youtube source.
OMG
Its ok
Can't download Anything anymore
WTF DO YOU MEAN "NO RESULTS FOUND" FOR MERLE HAGGARD RAMBLIN FEVER!?
I like this
Hate it
It was great when I could download from YouTube
Good for the hot music
They deleted off all my music and took the original search engine away
I really loved it but I'm Guyanese I like reggae and soca and since this app doesn't have much of that I'm not interested but in furthermore I liked it for a regular day basis
Wo
Before he hung
Once i started deleting songs it wouldnt let me download anything close to the song itself very bad problem but overall it downloads songs
Couldn't find any songs
It won't let me download nothing now
Love. It
Not working anymore!
upgrade make problem, no search results
Download &player yepp
Can't search anything without getting only 2 results.
This has all the songs I want and downloads fast!!
Keep shutting down
Was great now completely sucks
Got to download. This
I use to be able to download any song I could think of  now all I get is chopped and screwed or sound cloud. I hate the update
Best App EVERRR
Its bs
I had this app nearly month now before I can download all my favorite artists but now with the updated I can't download a thing
It was horrible it never loaded
Where can I find Frostwire plus. Could you give me a link please.
I lived this app but then it stopped letting me download songs
I really liked this at first but now the songs I search for won't come up. Disappointed now.
I loved this app so much and I went to the website you mentioned to try to download it, but every time I go to download and then click on android, it closed down and goes to my home screen.
It doesn't even works
I've been using frost wire for a while and now out of no where it stoped and I have a not 4 and it should be downloading everything but It doesn't  let me download a thing music or movies?
Well it worked very good at first then I couldn't download nor find songs I wanted.So,I got very frustrated and uninstalled it.
What an app ! Awesome . just one request , if you guys can add some more resources other than just youtube and soundcloud for downloads then this app will the best one on google play .one more thing to add , the equalizer dsnt work in this app . i have tried many times ,even by reinstalling both of the versions.  . i have tried frostwire plus too , nothing happened , equalizer is just not opening.
It was a good app
When I download a song I can't play the song
Started out perfect but now every time I try to download something it says error. Please fix this
This app use to be good, but now I cant find a single song. I typed in the songs O already have and they dont have em! Plz fix
I just to like this app download every song I like and now since the update I can't download music it sucks now
Was ok..After update not showing any songs of my choice
Good app.
The APK app will download. Then says it cannot open file. :/ I used frostwire specifically because of the YouTube downloads. I know it's guide lines but I still don't like it.
Finally i found the song i want
They don't search for the youtube videos like they used to
I downloaded a bunch of so go and I can't hear any of them. They won't play. It crashed every time I open it. Worthless piece of crap
Can't download any songs and the ones that do download aren't the real deal. Also, looking for the REAL song is unheard of I guess cause all the songs are covers or remixes people did on them. This application completely blows! Uninstalling.
Excellent
It will not stay opened
Frostwire
Worked for about 5 mins then crashes every time I open the app.
Great
Do I need to delete the APKs after installing them?
Nice
Your app is the best song downloader that I ever used
Sucks
Why can't I download music no more is there any apps you can download music.
Once you update it it's worthless and won't do anything keep the original version
I tried to look up Christian Artist like Hillsong Young and Free but it said. No results found. How you want me to download an app that sucks fish
Love how I can download full albums
I really like it..
Says you can download the plus....so you can get music from youtube... NOPE keeps saying can not open file.
I've said it. Don't do it.
It used to be good just like limewire
I love this app so much  It has all the latest songs from Love Me Like You Do to See you Again 
I liked this app when I first downloaded it. Now I can't download anything. It sucks! It was truly one of the best music downloading app ever.
Veryyyyyyy bad..i reallyyyyy hate it..
I HATE this because i searched dangerous and i saw people having it. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Thanks frostwire for informing me of the change, now I'm back on the scene.
Before the update there was a great choice of music but now its nothing.....
How do I download frostwire plus??
Literally I won't even be on the app and it plays a random song and exits what I'm doing to go to the app. It got so annoying I had to undownload it "/
I love this app, it allows you to download any Youtube video you want, straight from Youtube! Plus, it's 100% free!
Awesome application
Only use YIFY for your torrents... Unless you like waiting 3 days for your download to finish.
I downloaded it here, it worked fine. Then it stopped showing results and told me to update it from the website, so i did and it worked again. Now it doesn't show them anymore and doesn't show any update or reason why. Feed back is appreciated, thank you.
Nice job guys super impressed with the new update
Frost wire  plus is the  way to go
El mejor
Great and fantastic app
When i fund the song i Download it and its just people talking
Doesn't search for YouTube anymore I tried downloading from the website but says cannot open file this used to be great
Finally, a decent free downloader.
Can't find that 1song 
This app just sucks now can't download anything you want any more
Well I liked it up to the point when I could use YouTube for a source but no I can't
It used to be the best music player ever. But now frostwire does not find any song I want which are the songs straight of the radio, so common. U better fix it before u lose EVERYONE.
I used to love this app but from the update. Now it sucks. It could be better
What happen to the app i mean like when i typed in a song it would show up but now it dont bring up the songs that i want
with this app everything is simplified
I have had this app for 2 years now. Nothing is better! Thanks guys!
I loved it. Now it doesn't work please fix it , I look a song and it gives me some options and then it does not work when I try to download it 
Can't beat this music downloader
Can't find any of the songs I look for anymore I get only 5 results all of which aren't what I searched
It worked great at first bit then it constantly kept crashing
I love it
I love the app. Sad that terms had to be changed because of Google requirements but if I use frostwire on my phone and then delete the app (space) will I loose my music that's been downloaded ?
Why is the music I downloaded only found in frostwire and NOT my phone storage??? Why do I NOT have the option of changing the location of which it downloads to nor move it afterwards??? Why does my data go through the roof when I play downloaded songs on frostwire?? Why does this app suck so bad compared to the old school layout and design??? Why does the back button take me back to the homescreen  when it should be taking me back one button press?? Why are all you web/app designers so bad nowadays?!?!?
I really loved this app. Then, they took away the YouTube downloads, and it seems like every song I download now is a cover. It's so aggravating.
It takes to much space and slow
Unable to play or find downladed music to SD card
Cant dl shiii
I love this do much
I downloaded the Plus apk from the website three times yet every time I try to open the downloaded file to install it on my phone it tells me the file cannot be opened. Is this just a problem on phones running Lollipop or is the app no longer available for installation?
Could be better. For 2015 I figured a lot more out of technology 8nstead everything is generic now.
Love it
I really  Love it when I could download from YouTube I'm thinking about uninstalling it get download nothing now
Well ive loved this amazing  app for months.  But now i cant download  a single thing. I search an artist full album  n it gives me two results and none of it what im looking for. Vry sad. Plz fix.
It's  good but always remix  version
It's bullshit*t it glitches out and I've reseted my phone three times cuz of this app
If you're looking for a great app to download music, get frostwire plus!
Search time
"major search results improvements?" still only shows minimal sound could results. Absolutely terrible
Lost all my music
Very excellent app. I recommend highly, just one issue, I closed out of it one time and now I can't get back in. I had to re download it and that sometimes doesn't work. But besides that, excellent. It's easy to use and has a nice layout.
THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO DOWNLOAD YOUR MUSIC !!!
Before the new update I rated 5 whole stars, following the "update" it has fallen to a would be .5 stars
I feel it the best
Good enough
This app will not let you listen to the song before you download it.
Its so nice :)
5 stars
Love it
After the force close problem was fixed the app works great
Thank you for the APK, it worked like a charm
Great app!
Why can't you listen to what you're downloading before you download it???
You can make a playlist and favs ( unlike others) and has every song ! LOVE IT GET THIS APP !!!
It won't let me download videos anymore 
I have never had this,I'm checking it out now,my cousin has had it,can download your own music you want on there it sounds awesome so I'm going to try it.
Awesome
Good felling
Self explanatory
Put back the YouTube music please!!!
I really like this app when i could download songs from YouTube. I downloaded the Apk many times and it still doesn't work. Please fix this.
It wont let me download futuristic price to life
First you should be able to hear a song before you download it. And second should be able to pause and play etc from my home screen.
I can't find the songs I search for
Yay
Ok
Tried downloading apk it downloaded but wouldn't let me open it app needs fixing I liked the YouTube downloads
Where the youtube , music
i use to like it cos i could find any songs and download any videos ... but now there's always problems with frostwire.. always saying errors and no results when downloaded after updated! if i knew i wouldnt hv update it and now i cant even download any videos from it... im starting to not like it anymore.. pls bring back the old version!
For those of you who are complaining about the removal of YouTube searches, just download frostwire plus 100% free from the website and unrar the file to extract the apk, install and boom you got your YouTube downloads back... great app would give 10 stars if I could
It works grate on my Samsung. Would love the old version better had way more options.  Please bring it back.
Old version..... please
Don't buy this it will ask for your credit card and take all ur money it happened to my friend
Works perfect
Not many songs I can't find. .. Thank you
PLEASE BRING BACK THE YOUTUBE RESULTS!!!
Extremely gd
Horrible
I like it but I been have it for a while now but it stoped letting my download it would say eorre ever time I tried to download stuff
Honestly when I first downloaded this it was amazing!.....then the YouTube thing went down and now its garbage so now I'm deleting it....this is something I never thought I would have to do.
Best music app
I'm not gonna say it sucks because I have found alot of sound songs I like but I don't like that all I can find for very new songs is covers and remixes! I hate covers and remixes!
Don't update!the older version still downloads songs from youtube
If I uninstall the app I don't get to keep my songs Music Paradise is so much better
I like it. It downloads very fast, but I wouldn't try downloading video files; the quality really sucks. But other than that, I really like this app.
Website said to download some update to get youtube results again and still none. HORRIBLE APP
The beast in my pants is god
Was working, started crashing, uninstalled...lost everything :-(
Doesn't freeze up like YouTube
However, it has a lot of junk files.
This awesome app! But there is no filter for the file format in the music section. For example filter only mp3 or ogg.
Loved this app, until it crashed and completely stopped working. Wouldn't let me open it so had to delete it. Gave me a failure notification even when I wasn't trying to use it
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!! IT IS A TOTAL SCAM I SAYS FREE BUT YOU WILL PAY FOR IT THROUGH YOUR CABLE AN INTERNET COMPANY I WISH I WOULD HAVE NEVER DOWNLOADED IT EVERYONE NEEDS TO KNOW THIS IT CHARGES YOU EVERY TIME YOU LISTEN TO A SONG AN IF U SET A SONG AS A RINGTONE IT CHARGES YOU A RIDICULOUS PRICE I DIDNT KNOW THIS PLEASE DONT DOWNLOAD
R.I.P Frostwire......
Sup pcola
This is the best frost wire thank you so much
Great app but please find a way to Bring back YouTube selections or your app will lose users very fast
Gud app but its search engine sucks srsly....I mean I can't even find half of the things.... Thought I could download every music I want from here but I didn't expected this
I tried downloading it froze this is the worst app I have ever used
I try looking up something and it says no results and am like tf bcz it was working the first few days i downloaded the app Cx.
This is the  worst excuse for and app i wish i could rate it 0 star
Love it
Not working
This app was really nice when there was still youtube. I updated the app and now it won't stop force closing every time I open it. Went from riches to rags in a week. Smh.
Don't work
Just won't work
This app is pretty good but just like every other free music download app it works for a while then it just says error everytime i try to download a song
It is ok but they are all remixes
TIP: DOWNLOAD 'APK DOWNLOAD MANAGER' TO INSTAL FILE. It's come to my attention that the only way we can download from YouTube is to go on to your website and download frostwire plus. Only problem is Your website isn't clear on the fact that you are unable to download it on some devices due to google restrictions. The app i stated bypasses the Google restriction and downloads it straight to your phone. Voila, I can download from YouTube once again.
It use to be really good until I could find exactly what I was looking for but now I can't find any songs at all
Terrible all the songs I tried to look up were no where to be found and if I did find it, it was a terrible version....
you can download the app called tube mp3 and if you have frostwire it will go straight to your library. It works great for me!!  YOUR WELCOME!
no more youtube results :(
They should've kept the YouTube ones
It works well enough and then suddenly can't find anything it used to be able to. I downloaded "nothing else matters" by metallica, and went to find a different version. BUT WAIT! suddenly, it wont work! It can't find the same dang thing I downloaded from it. -.-
Don't put all your eggs in one basket, because they'll update the app... it's not their fault but the alternate down loader won't work fix it please or get off the market. BTW I would pay if i was able to download off of YouTube again
Can't search with youtube or find the songs I'm looking for before the update!!! Ughhhhhhh!
Im sorry guys but this app is a complete waste of storage.
Hella gay
What happened?? It now fails downloading??
Noticed that I no longer get the large variety of music I search for. This was the only app that i turned to for that.   ***Now none of the files I downloaded with frostwire are supported in my music player. Day is ruined. 500+ songs.
Your link for the plus apk doesn't work on my phone, it involves there being a weird path.  So I downloaded an apk from a different site!  It worked!
I click the link for the android and I don't know what to do next
Couldn't find anything then when I did it wouldn't let me download. Pure disappointment. Don't download this app it seriously bites.
I'm big on music and when I need to find the latest songs real quick, but I can't with this app. Soundclick search results are ratchet as hell!! If I want to hear cover songs, I would get on YouTube! I work as a Customer Manager and in my 11 years I have grown each year based off the feedback from CUSTOMERS! You guys have an AWESOME program, but take away soundclick(who has a site of their own for downloads by the way) and add better search. Can't find #1 hits from last year for example!! Smh
I know you guys had to take youtube out of frostwire cause they didn't allow it, but on this website you're claiming has frostwire plus on it (meaning it includes youtube) every time i download it it doesnt load. plus, it isnt an app, which is fine, but i would prefer if it was. it makes me really sad how i cant use this app anymore because ive used it for years to download FREE. MUSIC. and now i cant even open it.
I try to search up a song a nothing pops up. You guys need to get the YouTube songs/vids back on here
All the other music down loaders stopped working after a couple of weeks, and this app doesn't let me down. Thank you Frostwire
Got to try this but it's worth of try
It blows
Like
U can even download videos and music
I went to the website to open the YouTube file and my phone said it couldn't open the file. My phone meets all required information and I still can't open it. What's the deal?
Sorry but it's pretty much useless. Used to like it till you removed YouTube.  Sorry
I Love it, so far the best music downloader for Android. I am  able to get all the music i wanted. Got You Tube Back with frost wire plus, works Great ... Thanks for Plus..for music its the best hands down..before this App. It was very hard to find a good downloader,great job... Thank You Very Much.
Almost every song is a remix
Delete frostwire its garbage now, everyone go back to soundcloud SOUNDCLOUD#1
I can't download anymore music and when I git rid of the app it deleted all the music I had downloaded
WAS the best download service I had. But YouTube downloads stopped coming through search. Why?
You right...  5 stars 
Great
It used to be the best music downloader app until it stopped working saying there's no results.
I'm giving it 5 stars because of what it use to be. If Google play wouldn't have screwed everything up, it'd still be the number one music downloading app. Google play is the reason for what happened, frostwire had nothing to do with it
why can't we download YouTube music
Good until the update no junk I'm deleting it
Can't get the frostwire plus
Omg
This app has almost every song out there from the underground keep doing ur thing frostwire dont slack bcuz I seen alot of apps just like this go down hill
Used to amazing.... Now its terrible
Every time I searched a song there were no results or the only results would be covers or parodies of the song I was looking for &gt;:(  This is not a good app.
Please dont waste your Time
Loved this app before they had to take the YouTube stuff off. I won't use it anymore and I'm probably just going to delete it, but I'll download the plus version. Still giving it five stars though cause it did good before it got yelled at by Google!
Tried to download a song and an error message comes up every time please fix
Cant preview songs
I love this app it has any and every song I am looking for. Im never using any other music downloader again they all sucked and always had some remix of a song I was looking for I hated that. Frostwire rocks!!!
It deletes the music for no reason
I had the PC version before. It was better because you could choose the type of file you wanted to download like MP3 or MP4. Why can't this be integrated onto the mobile version?
Would be good but...It say this song is on an SD card insert now... But my Sd card is in?
Cannot view...
Pretty good
Its the best thing ever!!!
Sashquach
If you don't want these bad reviews and horrible ratings the make the aoo better. Where is YouTube? That's was the only reason I used this app. I'm honstely going to delete it just look for a better one. Because y'all want us to like your stuff but you take away the good parts. That's what sucks about getting music on androuds. Y'all don't know how to do anything anymore
Bad just downright bad
I generally don't leave reviews but this app should definitely be commended. At first I was having problems finding music. However I downloaded the frostwire plus apk from their website and it worked like a charm. Now I have no issues. Keep up the great work!
Since i updated it,it says no results found but before i update it it use to find a lot of video's now nothing pops up please fix this this app is great the update killed it thoo
When typing  what I want it's exactly  what I want ,when pressing search it says  no RESULTS.  WHEN FIXED WILL Give you more stars
Frostwire
Its so nice but pls put the same song
It won't let me play my song it just keeps going back to the start
I really like it..only thing is if you delete it ALL your music deletes!!
Please partnership with YouTube because I can't find songs that are official songs and not remixs please partnership again
The music doesn't work. & its not the full songs
All songs suck
The plus apk is not working. 3 stars until it works
It has completely no music now at least none of mine
./.
It never has the right songz
Good  for downloading music and tv show movies
It keeps crashing on the load up
Enough Said
My like
Without the update I can download any music I want can u please fix it. And I give u 5 star and everybody else to
You can't hear the music you have to download the music and then hear it
I really liked this app..it was the only app I could get free songs but since you guys took away YouTube ...I have no other app..
V
I can't find what I like.
