It is the cleanest lockscreen ever, I would love to have some sort of integration with the attentive display of motorola and maybe wake up when you shake the device.
I only wish it didn't unlock when you hit the home button twice. Should only unlock if I swipe it.
It needs to lock the status bar and security options
I love this app, my lockscreen of choice. But the animation is a bit buggy, a bit slow. Solve it please. Beside this, it's a great app.
But I hope we can adjust the Placement of the Clock on the lockscreen,and cuztomize its size and font , looking forward in the future updates.
Can you put locker like pin or password or pattern or something to keep my phone secure. Pleaseee, i need it. This thing is so cool with all the design. It has  simple design. I love it so much. But, can you put locker into it. Thanks for your future update soon. I appreciate it if you made it.
doesnt work with spotify :/
Great app!!! Is there a way you can make it so Nova launcher's animations don't interfere with this app? Like the return to home screen animation
I'm sure this is a bug as it did not appear in previous versions:  If I have media playing, bring up the lock screen without unlocking my device (to change songs), and turn the screen off again, the next time I bring up the lock screen the media controls are not present. Is that by design? I would like media controls on lock screen at all times while media is active on my device. 1 day later: Now it's crashing. No functionality as a lockscreen: gets 1 star.
Why it doesn't have the option of locking it by pin or password?
Suddenly my notifications are no longer showing, I have reinstalled and reinstated it's rights to view them but still not showing. Once that's fixed it'll be 5 stars again. Minimal, and only one that has made me change lockscreen full time. Nothing I'd change.
Only displays music album artwork half the time the other half it shows regular acdisplay lockscreen. Please fix for 5 stars
When the screen is on AC Display, and I push the home button it exits out. Doesn't really feel like a lockscreen then. Anyway this can be changed?
It'd be nice if you add fingerprint security support for compatible devices (Galaxy S6) or at least pattern security unlock.
Recently with the last update, not sure if it is Spotify or this app, the lockscreen won't let the media buttons work with Spotify, with any other music app it works but the buttons are unclickable for Spotify
Fantastic
Make sure that you want this app on your phone once its on there you cannot get rid of it
I don't know if im missing something or what but its not working on my samsung galaxy s5. Im already on lollipop. Please help me work it on my phone. I really want to use this.
Pause, forward, back... Icons are there, but no longer work.
It's great, looks beautiful, but is lacking one thing to be used seriously as a lock screen - security. I'm sure that's already planned, as the lockscreen is a beta feature, but I'm hoping at least a simple pin lock is added soon.
Yes it weird icant uninstal it on my samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0. I recommended dont download it when you are using android jelly bean otherwise on my asus zenfone c the lockscreen is awesome
Favorite lockscreen by far!  It does everything it says and it's so easy to use! It saves a lot of battery, too, I'm really impressed! It makes your notifications look really neat and organized. Amazing app, I definitely recommend this!
Probably my favorite lockscreen except that with the latest Spotify update the music controls no longer work like they should.
If you happen to leave a Hangouts or Facebook conversation open, any new messages will be marked as read when AcDisplay turns on your screen, meaning that the notification will be removed, and to the sender it will look like you have read their message. They will then wonder why you refuse to respond, and you will eventually lose all your friends.
The app is not working with LG G3 Lollipop. I disabled the System lock,gave Admin privileges, enabled ACDisplay and nothing happens.
It doesn't supports spotify?
This is a great lockscreen replacement if u are bored with your regular lockscreen installed on your device. It has a lot of features and fulfils your needs. I have loved it
1. I didn't even have a chance to use first of all cause it's telling me I have to manage the screen time policy.          2. This is not really a problem but I need to use at my notification lockscreen I used it but I still don't understand about the screen time policy.
Doesnt work anymore !!
Awesome best app ever....
Design looks great. But im still finding my way to secure the lockscreen.
I love this app, and it really adds a nice touch to unlocking my phone and managing the many notifications. My only issue is that the lock screen doesn't shut off the home button, and I'd love for that to be a feature soon so that my phone doesn't unlock in my pocket because I bumped my thigh into a corner or something.
Everything's works perfectly fine and UI is really good but if we could adjust where to place the widget on lockscreen that'd be awesome
Animations and looks are cool....
Whenever I get notifications the screen doesn't turn off. Even if I push the power key to turn it off it comes back on a second later. Please fix this
It won't let the alarm screen come through, I usually have to swipe up before being able to view the alarm to snooze
Can you make it work on Android 4.2.2? I love it but having the notifications unsynced such big time.
but add a lock to it, otherwise its amazing
Battery consumption is too much. Apart from that the application is awesome.
the double tap to turn the screen off,  does not work. Was wondering if that could be fixed...... And the notifications dont wake up the screen...  Please fix
Saves my power button.
This is amazing!
Theres no active mode and the others 
Does what it says. Like its Minimalist design. I would have given it 5 star if the Home button is disabled. Also, sometimes music controls are lost and notification does not open after swiping up.
I hope you could provide the security passcode to the lockscreen.... anyways,  amazing app!!
Please fix it. I really want this lockscreen. It's one of the best that i've seen so far.
I love the app but is there any way you can get access to lock screen security so that I don't have to have the ugly stock clock widget above the pattern unlock
I really like this app and I think it is an amazing idea. However, it doesn't include a way to secure your device, and that would be nice. I am really tight about security so this is the downfall for me.
I cannot delete it from my phone and its device administrative option ain't working
I enjoyed and used this app for 3 days before uninstalling it. The reason being I get notifs for apps for which I have already seen them that too before locking. petty issue it is. I hope you will fix it. and why did you ask for xposed integration ?
Good application !
Wave to wake can use some improvements (doesn't work on moto g and works 2/5 on oneplus one) and sometimes my default Lockscreen pops up (android l) and I have to unlock that one first and then unlock the acdisplay one next. Overall works great though. Wouldn't want to use another Lockscreen.
Looks good
Does what it is supposed to do ... in style. I donated a small amount and strongly recommend everyone to support these guys. Honest effort to the core.
I like things in which I can change wallpaper....its pretty cool but need a custom wallpaper section....thanks anyway............CHANGE IN MY REVIEW :) NOW DEV HAS GIVEN Q COLOR CHANGE OPTION ;) FOR WHICH I GIVE IT 5*  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Not working
Just brilliant. Flawless. Makes my nexus lockscreen look exactly like the Motorola active display. But, drains a lot of battery.
Perfect in every area except as a lock screen. Home button isn't blocked, slow to come up after unlock. I love it as an overlay, though. Looking forward to future updates.
Nothing more to add. This app is just sms amazing. Looks great and functions properly.. Wish all the apps would be designed same way.
The music widget buttons always missing in the lockscreen when music is played
Album art hangs up sometimes and it doesn't show up.  Any way to lock the home key?
Kk we get it , 5.0 is the new sh*t but that doesn't mean that people running 4.1-4.2 must suffer . I don't really need a music widget since gravity box does a way better job with long press skip . but its really annoying when I open the notification then go back to my lock screen and still see it there . when using other lockscreens I don't get that problem , if I click a notification , it goes away for good
1. When I press my home button after switching ON my phone, it enters into the homepage bypassing the app.. 2. When a notification comes for my WhatsApp which is already running in the background, and I click on the notification, it doesn't unlock and doesn't show me my WhatsApp app
Would be perfect if we could set a custom wallpaper
The best lockscreen ever !!!!!
I have the app turned but it just takes me back to my original lockscreen plz fix
Have LG G3. Often have to unlock twice to get to the home screen. Fix this and five stars.
Would rate 5 stars but can't change time to 24 hour clock which is weird
Cool app :)
It doesn't work as expected when there is more than one row of notifications in he lock screen.
It's works on my moto g 2014
So far so good
The wave hand feature needs to be more sensitive. Barely works
After switching from a Motorola phone with Active Display, this app is a welcome addition to my new phone (and bonus points for being open source!) But occasionally the display seems to turn on in my pocket and the sliding around seems to unlock it, which can be annoying. It also would be nice to be able to disable the "swipe up to enter fullscreen" message that keeps appearing
Doesnt support new spotify beta
It's cool as always....
When I add the widget it says enabled and then when I click it again it still says enabled but lock screen is disabled, and same when it says its disabled its disabled but when I click it again it still says disabled but lock screen is enabled
Updated to version 3.8, the double tap to sleep is not functioning.
Please allow an option to remove the clock from the lockscreen. Then this app will be perfect!
It could be safer if it was secured. I.e fingerprint, passcode and pattern
After the update the full screen mode and double tap to sleep features are not working. I also tried uninstall & reinstalling the app but it didn't helped. I hope they will fix this issue as soon as possible.
Amazing man!!  The best lockscreen replacement..  Was bored with Samsung default in Note 3 Neo..  Way better than HiLocker n all.. Kudos dev!!
But I just hope it can combine with some screenlock
sleep interval time should increase.it should be more than 25 seconds
My new lockscreen!
Stopped working after 7/12 update
Why do you need now my ID and access to calls?
Would love if you can chose a custom backround instead of just home screen or black and PASSWORD!
Wish it had more features.
So i updated this app and after that i can't enable full screen mode. Pls bring back the full screen mode on those who are running 4.3. Please fix this asap cause this is the best lock screen there ever was. Please devs hear me out.
just add pin code, and fix when double tap home button it exit
Keep up the good work!
If you are thinking about getting, just get it.
I love using this app but after the recent update, I cannot use this lockscreen, it keep going back to my old lockscreen. pls fix this ASAP
It is great apps but need support finger print i heated when i should slide to unlock and press for finger print .thanks
Can you please fix the home button bypass. When the device is locked you can press the home button and the lockscreen is rendered useless. Would be a perfect app If this issue could be fixed. Love the way you can view notifications. Great job!
Now that it has lock delay, 5 stars app
I'm using Moto X, so I'm used to active notification feature.. So I was looking out for something familiar to it.. And I loved it coz it work exactly like active notification.. Works on all Amoled screen.. Awesome app..!!
Its good and I like it but could you allow it to support poweramp as a music widget?
Quick glance is the feature I have been missing with this app before, love that I can read my new notification without ever touching the screen.
This app is great but not as secure as I wished hopefully they add this feature
The first app I download after I flash a custom ROM and root. At the very top of my must have apps. 
would be awesome if this had multiple fade away effects
I love the look of this lockscreen but there is no any privacy PLEASE do an update for the Security i just love it but no privacy !
It sometimes doesn't show the acdisplay, and it should have disable home button. But some new unlock animations would be a nice touch...
Just like glance screen on Nokia. Thanks for your hard work. Works great on HTC M8.
Works well and looks great. Wish it had support for finger scanner on s6 and s6 edge.
The lockscreen is amazing but it's a shame we can add a pin/pattern security!!  I need one!!
Basically I'm using it only for lock screen notifications.  Active mode is OFF. Now say I just wanna see the time. I press the power it, Firstly screen never turns on by 1st press. I've to press again. This time screen turns on & I see the time and double tap to turn the screen off. Now weird thing happens, screen automatically keeps on getting on & off even if there is no notification.  To put this away, I got to punch in the password so that the phone is unlocked and then press power key to lock. Any soln
One of the best. But still expecting more..
the app way better if you can add pattern/ password in lockscreen. i hope. thanks for your hard work!
This is my favorite lock screen but it would be better if you could still have a patter to unlock to keep everything inside the phone private.
Amzing
Issues with wynk music app.. Stops responding and crashes occasionally
The lock screen looks neat, clean and simple. But it most definitely needs security options such as passwords, pins and/or patterns. Another bug is that when pressing the home button you're directed to the home screen and I believe that should be solved by having a security option enabled. Thanks for the nice app.
First in the actual lockscreen when I long press the home button/recent app it show the recent panel and the lockscreen gone.. Second there always a notification in my notification panel that the app is on service. Please do something to fix it.
I have install it on Galaxy S5, but there's no lockscreen option in features section.
Can't Uninstalle it.
This app is great, but can be even better! It has so much potential, but already looks and acts great! Oh and the idiots who can't uninstall this app shouldn't be using an Android phone in the first place. Uninstallation is easy. Just disable the app's administration rights. DUH!
I have them turned on but its really hit or miss on the locker displaying them. Help please?
Way better than stock notifications. I wish for 2 additional functions: 1. Please allow for greater transparency when device wallpaper is showing under the lock screen. It's too dark at the moment. 2. Please allow us to set the time the details of the notification are shown when the icon is clicked. Sometimes it goes dark before I can finish reading the msg. Thanks 
Great,  works perfect on my note 4
You can deactivate it but can't uninstall
Minimalist
Just missing a pattern or pin lock
When I Press Home Key On My S6Edge It Opens The Launcher Means The Screen Unlocks
Best app on the play store after nova launcher
It's not a terrible idea. It's just that it doesn't work for me :P oh well
Thanks Guys for this awsome app. Its so Clean and dynamic. Really love it but i face 3 problem with it. 1. facebook messenger chat head also open in lock screen and msg can see without unlocking it. 2. In Notification panel AcDisplay Services always open. If it not there then it  look great or you guys add some cool feature like Android device  running time or like this. then if its there everybody love to have this. 3. When i am on Active mode it works 2 or 4 time and then phone shoutdown autometically.
I used to have a Moto X and active display was one of the features I missed most. The phone I'm using now won't see lollipop for a while, if ever, and this app combines the best of both into a neat little package.
Like this app and it's minimalistic nature only suggestion is that if you could integrate a fingerprint lock so there could be some security.... That would be awesome. Otherwise great app keep up the good work.
Unless I disable my own lockscreen (which of course I don't want to do) , acdisplay keeps locking my screen, even if smartlock is on
Great app working on my mi3 (miui v6)
I just update OS to 5.1. Now ac display not working .pleased share solutions
Simplistic, yet feature rich! I prefer this over LP lock screen. I would live to see the pattern unlock feature in future builds.
I would give five stars but if I have the app activated talk back mode is also on. It narrates everything I do on my for. I.e "page 1 of 3" when I swipe in my home screen
I must have! The best way to check all notifications. Galaxy S5
Swipe to wake works once in five times
Thw best among all lockers.
This is THE best looking app, but i find that if i press my home button, it opens the locker, bug or supposed to be in the app?
Personally, this is the best lockscreen replacement. I've been using it for a long time now. So minimal, easy and colourful but recently it's been crashing constantly. It's consistent too. I noticed it crashes every time I open up Spotify and I use Spotify as the music player when I drive so it's been very frustrating. I tried looking for another app but nothing out there is close to AcDisplay. I really do hope the Developer would look into it and fix it. I can't be the only one out there with this problem.
Please hide your app from the app switcher. A quick Google search will give you the line of code you need.
Good lockscreen, but it needs better security options. Currently there are no options for a pin code or a fingerprint scanner, and there is a large gap in security. Simply press the home button on the lock screen and it will take you to the homescreen. I hope this will be fixed soon enough and further options for security will be implemented.
Simple, clean interface with all notifications
Add Custom Wallpaper and it's perfect
It sucks so much and I can't uninstall it so I have to get a new phone
Great idea, but it doesn't work well on Moto X 2013. Active display Notifications of Moto X almost always overlap the AcDisplay.  Active mode just doesn't work.
It need the breathing notification, like the Moto X.. I love the app, and the fact that I can use it like lockscreen only add value to the app, but I miss the breathing notification.. And if I could add more widgets it will be perfect.. Please, improve those things! However, I got the Moto X (2013) and this app is almost better 
Because I love the app and cause Ice Cream xD Please Add Security Controls!
no le doy 5 estrellas porque cuando hay un error del sistema se queda titilando la pantalla.  Pero de resto es excelente, ojala se acerquen mas  a la glance screen de los lunia
This a great, light, customizable app that works great as a Lockscreen replacement. I love the style and reliability.
It's a good concept, but it is not responsive at all. Waving is not working 90% of the time. My phone's sensor is good for up to 5 cms, but doesn't respond even if i cover the sensor with my finger and release. And waking when I take it out of my pocket is not without problems either.
Ac display is a really awesome notif app...i love it ..i just have one question..there's a persistent notification that active dosplay services are on; is there any way to turn it off ?
It does not turn on.... Says needed to manage the screen timeout policy
This app is very well looking and the concept behind it is good, but for my phone it's a bit buggy. For example when I dismiss a notification is still there, and sometimes it loads the stock lock screen first and then Ac Display.
Tied new version, its great! Thank goodness for the colour options, set all to black and you get rid of the horrible expanding circle/screen flash animation. Turn on animation and its worse, just a simple fade thanks! Only other thing is, size of time should be adjustable. Oh and people who can't uninstall, can't remove presence in notification panel, won't turn off etc, or think it's a virus.. Its time to realize your smart phone is now smarter than you!
This is not letting me uninstall after I deactivated
Give it 4 stars for now, will give it 5 stars  once you add custom wallpaper separate from home screen  option. that way i can add a different wallpaper from my gallery to lockscreen instead the one from home screen.
Nice but sometimes i cannot open the notification and only can clear it. Pls fix
I'll tell you what I like the uninstall button
Something great in a small package ...
Active mood working perfectly..
Htc one m8
Very Awesome App
It has problems, but it kinda works.
I simply love it. I will recommend it to all of my friends.
Need to lock the statusbar, otherwise perfect :)
I can't see or there's no option for immediately locks the screen when the sleep button is pushed option. Please add it and this app would be the perfect lockscreen app.
Use this if u want ur phone to look awesome when it gets notifications.   The notifications are displayed very well. Excellent. Earlier i was using the deprecated version. This is way better than that. If u wanna uninstall then go to security and untick this in notification access
Amazing app
wid updtes its gtng worse, not responding well, why dont u gys do smthng...? 
Whenever I flash a new ROM, I'm always sure to install this! Remember to donate!
Love it
On the notification area
Would be great if you could fix the lock screen getting completely ignored when you push the home button
its the most beautiful lock screen in playstore, but i cant leave my phone without lock security. i go back to original because i cant find lock screen awesome like yours, i cant live without pic code, if the pin code can be bypassed but it safer than nth, kids cant open it they cant know how to bypass and many people more, plz rethink i do the security and i have to admit its the best lock screen and i love it so much
All in all the app is fantabulous but there is a major bug in it that u can bypass the lockscreen easily by pressing home button...plz fix this ASAP for 5*
Fake
Loved this app until last update but now it barely works anymore. Lollipop 5.0.1 Samsung gs4
Some battery drain here and there, but overall awesome
Thank god for this app! Ever since Lollipop the lockscreen has bothered me. This is exactly how it should be. The developers should work with Cyanogenmod and have this baked into the ROM, it's that good!
Love this and have used consistently since I got KitKat. You were so fast to get Music on Lock screen. Can't wait for daydream feature! Neway u earned ur fifth star. Works great! Thanks
I wanted to love it, and I did at first, until I realized it couldn't actually be a real lock screen.  If I could use this to secure my phone I'd give it 5 stars.  Also, active mode doesn't work for me and adding a widget crashes the entire app.  LG G4
like
Lol to those who say they can't uninstall ... It's a lock , you have to disable first ... Hahaha twits
This is an amazing app with a very responsive developer. Keep up the good work mate!
Very nice app ! Please add lock pattern in next update !
There's a bug where when there's a notification, the screen will keep turning on until it is dismissed.
My fav notification app
Ever since the recent update the music controls don't always come out. You always used to fix the problems so fast. What happened?
Dear mr, developer please make this app full work for security too.. Ie: built-in pin lockscreen. Sadly when I'm going to open notification of course it will redirect to my lockscreen to insert my pin. At the same time it'll be good to get nice notification alongside good security too. Tested on Xperia Z2, Thanks in advance
I'm not even sure what this app supposedly does besides the minimal lock screen but the persistent notification is so unnecessary. It irritated me to the point of uninstall. I know it's some new android rule but it's a stupid rule and I don't use apps that follow it, too annoying.
Just found out about this app, and all I can  say is it works perfectly and I absolutely love it. Well done Dev. This is one of those apps that I would gladly pay money for! The fact that it is free is unbelievable. Thank you very much for this, it's exactly what I have been looking for.
Incredibly helpful for pre-Lollipop versions. But after upgrading to Android 5.1 it somehow stopped being very useful. I can't make it to replace the default lockscreen. I always need to swipe over the AcDisplay screen, then swipe over the default lockscreen and then draw the unlocking pattern. Not comfortable. :(
Very decent app.only problem is when added a custom clock widget it is freezes at times. I tried several clock widgets but result was same.
But recently keeps crashing when playing youtube videos on the background
Whe you lock the screen and try to unlock in 1 second the lockscreen doesnt work.. You have yo wait a little.. And in lollipop on my galaxy s5 I cant use just the notification service with my stock lockscreen, it doesnt work, I have to set AcDisplay like the lockscreen.
It's not a virus or bad app, you just need to disable the app, that's it. Pricks.
Good
This Is Not  A Virus.. Learn How to use apps
I love the concept of this app, but can't use it because of two problems. First when you set for the phone to wake on a notification the timer has to run out and the screen has to wake up for a second time by itself or manually for the notification to trigger on the screen which leads into my second problem the screen wakes up by itself until the notification is dismissed using a ridiculous amount of battery I would love to start using the app again but can't at this time
Once u install this app then u can't uninstall this app......
The music played widget is shown only once. After locking and unlocking the screen again the clock is shown and not the player.
I've tried other similar notification apps and this is just executed better.
A lot better than the last time I had installed it. Would be perfect if the home button didn't unlock it and it had its own built in passcode thingy. A girl can dream!
I love the app so much and the concept of it is wonderful, but most of the times it closes and whenever I play music It doesn't show up. And whenever I press home it closes the app and opens something else. Please fix the issue then I'll rate it a 5.
Best lockscreen on Google play
Isso fica e nao sai mais
To everyone who can't uninstall and claim this is a virus; the reason you cannot uninstall is that you have given it device admin access. To uninstall you have to deactivate that feature in your phones security settings. Not a virus, not a bad app, just pay attention when you first set it up and instructions.
It's a little glichy, but that means it's only in need of a little development. It works so well, I don't want to Uninstal it. And even if I did... I might just try following the instructions given in the app...
I really love this, very useful to see any notification when pick a device out of pocket without press any button, Thanks developer!!!... but please add motion wake up after putting device flatly or not move device for a while by using accelerometer sensor or gyroscope like what on moto x.
I noticed improved battery consumption with this app and that is pretty significant (both with active mode on/off) compared to built in lock screen.  Overall, this app is great, I've never fell in love with a lock screen app before I tried AC Display.
Its great, but when screen is off and I swipe up it goes to AcDisplay lockscreen even if I have setting to unlock the screen.. Is there any way AcDisplay could recognize swipe up when screen off so it unlock the phone instead of going to Ac lockscren?
This is a great app, but the only issue I have with it is the home button. Whenever the lock screen is displayed and the home button is pressed on, accidentally or intentionally, it unlocks the phone. Can you please fix this?
Tiene muchos fallos en lollipop, no se ve la foto de quien me manda mensaje al fondo y es algo lenta. Arreglen eso por  favor, es una app imprescindible.
Hands down the only lock screen worth your time if you care about the design of your phone. Minimalist yet informative. Only complaint is active mode leads to pocket-dials. But that can be disabled.
I would rate it 5 stars but because I have a galaxy when i m on The lock screen I could press the home button and it would go straight to the home screen and I would get really annoyed  please fix it or make it not bypass the lock screen and I would rate it 5 stars
Would be perfect if you guys could integrate security.
The best
Great app. Please give more options to adjust the lockscreen timeout. Doesn't always show the player - aimp - with no other things to show
This app is one of the best and is what I've been looking for but one problem is that whenever I have a notification my LED light doesn't work so I don't know if I have a notification or not until I wake up my device. if this was made to work then it would fully deserve 5 stars
This app is great. So i was wondering if you can add security pin or password to make it more secure so that stranger cant easily access my chat 
Awesome app! Love it. However since update to android L 5.1 AcDisplay no longer working properly, notifications are hit & miss! Please fix issue with Android L.
Warning!!! Very upset, this  app and provider suck, don't download people!! This app will not deactivate or remove from your device..  
With this and a custom widget app(I use and recommend Zooper), you can customize your minimalist lock screen to an impressive level. Examples: gestures options, unlock animation colors, and full screen option. Also, the menus are designed wonderfully, aesthetically and functionally.  -Best minimal lock screen app in play store.  The only customization option I personally wish to see expanded is widget size.
I decided to give this app another try. It is way better now. Also there is a way to uninstall. You have to go to security in your settings. Then you go to device administrators. Then you can take out ac display. Then you can uninstall.
Works well and has a clean, slick look
Works okay
Does what it says splendidly and works as intended,certainly better than moto's annoying moto display but sometimes Acdisplay seems to hang up and keep the screen on for a long period of time which results in my phone getting really hot.
The best one have used. Simple. But not so smooth now. If there is a carrier notification on home screen and if its not removed and screen is turned off and then on again. the app responds abnormally making the ac display lock screen blink continuously. Also if we are able to choose custom background instead of black or homescreen,it would be great! Down rated..fix the bug. would love to rate 5 stars then.
If I press my home button it passes the lock screen and goes to home screen . pls add like a password or pin to it and I'll give it 5 stars
Please add a pin or pattern for this please I love this app so much and that's all it needs thank u
Not exactly optimized for lollipop, but still good
Why can't I delete this app? It's making my phone so slow, turn on and off, and plus it didn't even work! This app sucks DONT DOWNLOAD!!!
The animation for changing from notification to clock is clunky as well as the auto screen feature is too insensitive. An option for the screen to be present when charging would be appreciated.
One of the best screen locker. Loving it!
Stop commenting bullshit about not being able to uninstall it.. It says "before you uninstall you must remove administrator access" if you don't do that you can uninstall....dugh
I would like to compliment you on this awsome app,since I found it I have been loveing it. If I can make a small suggestion,would like to see in the future a "turn WiFi off during sleep" option,that would really make it shine,in my opinion. Anyway,good app,keep it up!!!
Now notification won't show up anymore. I just hear their notification sound. Would be nice to get a useful calendar function
I like the app but what i dont like is that the app keeps sending me to websites which is obviously advertising with out the chance to pay u so u can get it a way i mean wtf
Double lock screen on my xperia z1 compact Running Lollipop 5.0.2
And for those who dont know how to uninstall, first read before clicking the "Ok" button.
Horrible horrible app! Its not what I thought it was going to be like! I don't even have a wallpaper in the lockscreen its just dark. And I can't uninstall it! Worst app ever
Needs password and fingerprint scanner compatibility, if that happens this gets five stars! 
Good work
Can't enable it as lock screen anymore. That makes it pretty freaking useless. Doesn't do basically anything it says it does. Screw this useless crap.
Please make it fast ...most of the time it is really slow on unlocking animation
Looks nice, but it requires administrative access and is complicated to uninstall on certain devices if you dont know what to do
Still dismiss alarm clock
Lockscreen feature is beyond awesome. Looks very minimal and with a Material Design approach, this impressed me. Just a thing, the Active Mode doesn't turn the screen on.
I hate this appp....
Can't uninstall
This app makes my lock screen look beautiful and it just works and looks great. Its just the Latest update makes the application stop and I have to turn off and then turn on again
Add so you can have passcode in acdisplay instead of having double lockscreen when passcode is enabling natively
Hi its great but make it so you can select a custom image as wallpaper for the lockscreen not your homescreen wallpaper if you add this i will give 5 stars !
U cannot uninstall from play store after u installed it. But u can go to security settings in ur app manager and deactivate this app to uninstall it.
Screen locks by itself from time to time and it also force closes quite a lot. Would come back and rate 5 if these were fixed though.
Its always late I turn my phone off then ill turn it back on ... sometimes its there and sometimes i have to. Count to three! And I tried uninstalling and it wouldn't uninstall!!! Fix it I heard it. Broke someone's phone!(In the reviews)   FIX IT TO WHERE I CAN UNINSTALL!!!!!!
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't install I had to restated my hold phone
I have this on my moto e. It's an awesome app. I wanted to have something similar to the active display, and got this. Simply love it! Just one suggestion. Add pattern/pin/password support to lockscreen
Time out policy... If you tell me how to do it? Then it will be great..
Love the UI and features! Very stable too. A couple suggestions, maybe support other app shortcuts in the corners, also having an option to display lollipop style icons at the top.
The only down side on this great lockscreen for me is that you can bypass it by pressing the home button, i'd greatly appreciate it if you were to fix this even though it's not a major issue :p thanks anyway!
Only thing missing is the ability to independently change the wallpaper from the home screen one
love it! the only thing missing is the option to add custom picture (not just black and home screen background).
BUT i wish it would has Lock!
It really needs a security measure. Even if an in-app lock is hackable, the majority of people won't be able to get through it. It would mainly be for stopping friends taking advantage of your social media. Any lock is better than none. Also I don't know much about app development but if there was a way to bypass the android unlock screen whilst unlocking acdisplay then we could use the built-in android lock system without having to swipe the screen twice. Just an idea,  please implement some kind of lock:)
You people should really add a lock, pin and pattern that's the only thing this app really needs.
fix this pls
Auto Lock and unlock the phone
Once u install it u can't uninstall it I hate it so much I had to get a new phone because it spreaded viruses on my phone and u could not uninstall the app so the virus got worse and broke my phone and I know it was this app because my phone told me afterward
A very clean screen lock and notification app.
If we can apply other wallpapers instead of our homescreen wallpaper to get two different wallpapers on homescreen and lockscreen then ill give 5 stars to this app
Great but I need it without permission of accessibility...
The app is nice.. Very nice.. Actually i just like it... But as a violin has 2 faces... It is a biggg... Battery eater !!!! Pls.. Help.. Then i would rate it as .
Very good app, but it consumes  42 mb of ram, maybe it is too much. What about a lighter version?
Cannot uninstall it Unable to uninstall the app . can someone help?
It suffers from the same problems all lockscreen apps do... It's basically just an overlay ontop of the existing lockscreen and I understand the issues with replacing the actual stock lockscreen, but still tho good job to the devs. Keep up support for this great app
BEFORE I USED THIS APP,  IT ASKED TO READ ALL OF MY PERSONAL INFORMATION SUCH AS READING MY MESSAGES AND SEEING PHOTOS SENT TO ME. I'M NOT DOWNLOADING THIS... IF YOU DO YOUR STUPID
Would to have Samsungs Fingerprint API included! Only thing missing!
It will only show my stock lock screen instead of third party app
Honestly, I find this lock screen way better that the android lollipop lock screen too! This is exactly what I wanted: minimalistic, useful and it doesn't even use a lot of battery! The only problem with this is (or maybe I hasn't figured it out yet) that there is no password lock. Besides that, I recommend this to everyone who don't like their luck screen's looks.
It looks slick but doesn't actually lock my screen. My home button just bypasses it. I'd also like to see notification details rather than icons. Being able to create/edit notification categories would be great too. I'll keep it installed to check out updates but for now I'm using Echo.
if only you have pin lockscreen,that would be good
Can we make the on-screen buttons not accessible on the lock screen and when I'm playing Spotify the lock screen needs more stabilization. Thanks!
Good but needs to show the time all the time even when a notification is up or the music controls are up
Works great. Simple. easy to use. (Suggestion: alternate wallpaper
I have the 2013 Google Nexus 7 and I love the app overall. It looks great, it's simple, sleek, and smooth. But ever since I enabled the lock screen and active display, my tablet screen will not rotate to landscape, it constantly stays in portrait.
Closest thing to the Moto lockscreen I could find for my S5.  Battery use is up a bit however.
Loved it
This app still is in BETA so expect some bugs like the app not triggering proximity sensor but though in BETA this app is just amazing. GIVE THIS APP A TRY. *Edit 1: After a few days of usage I have noticed battery drains fast.
Since last update I just keep getting that notification I hope it will be solved soon
Its really great, I wish there are security lock options specially fingerprints, please add them 
Great apps
It looks great but every once in a while it doesn't display my notifications or simply doesn't work at all.
I love that the "knock knock" feature for my phone works on this lock screen! Wish you could change the settings so the wallpaper wasn't so dark...  More unlock animations?
I love this app so much but there is one reason I don't use it. That is no lock or protection. If I ever lose my phone or my friend takes it they can easily access my messages, pictures and other things I like to keep private. AC if u are reading this please implement a lock . I know that it can't be really secure but can u try.
Ever since i updated my htc m7 to android 5.0 i keep having some issues like : when my alarm starts it doesen't bypass the ac display lockscreen so i have to first unlock my phone and then stop or snooze it and i can't pause or skip a song from the lockscreen and that's a bummer because i loved it on kitkat. I really hope for an update!                                               This update was what i was looking for ! Great job!
Please add option to use pattern unlock :/
What happened to the days where we could put a different wallpaper up? I remember being able to change it just last year.
More unlock animations
LGG3 on lollipop.  There was an update that removed the lock screen option from the settings menu so now it only says active mode. Hope this is fixed as its my favourite lock screen
Awesome app responds everytime when I take my phone or of my pocket. The simplicity of the app is mind blowing. Looking forward for some more update. Thank you guys for such a wonderful app
Cannot disable home button and add some security
This is pretty cool.. I am not tech savvy this is a PHD app. Phd = push here dummy
But the HBO media overlay causes it to crash.
I love the style of it, how unique it is towards any other. Something has been wrong lately. Nothing pops up on my notifications, don't even turn on for the last week.
This app is so good that I replaced the standard Motorola active display as this just looked and worked better!    However the pulsing notifications didn't seem to work that well but still great.
Moto E first gen doesn't support active notifications. Installed this app and it works as good as the factory version of Motorola active display available on other phones of Motorola. Good job. :)
Gives great smoothness and great display
When I press the home button on my Verizon Galaxy s5, it always goes to my home screen just as it would whilst exiting an app. Please fix this error.
Battery saver
It works and looks great!  Just wish it didn't drain my battery so dang fast!  I know the S6 battery isn't all that, but I notice a big drain while using this app.  Fix the problem and five stars!
Love it; needs finger print sensor lock screen support though!
Not showing notifications
Very very nice... I liked it.
Disable home button
Screen shakes when a network related popup(like balance update or data balance update) is present, need to solve this
This app has been the WORST since jellybean came around... Disappointing
Just awesome
nexus 6 android 5.1.1 doesn't work
Needs fingerprint support for the Galaxy S6
First of more swipe actions. Camera and phone app is good, but how about SMS. You should be able to choose any app. Another thing. Make an option to disable that annoying always active notification that tells me that I have the app active. It's so annoying and takes up space.
I live by this app. The design functionality and everything else are great. But lately. I'd say for about a month sometimes it just totally freezes up. I try to swipe or look at notifications and it just doesn't do anything. Even if I press the home button on my nav bar to just bypass it its still frozen. Freezes up my phone too. Just really super frustrating because I love this app so much. I only use this or just the stock lockscreen. Anything else on the play store is just bleh :\ please please help.
Loving it again
Can I know how do you get the on screen buttons on your samsung device in the preview video?
Hi.. First of all you guys are doing an amazing job with the app. However, I'd like to make a suggestion. Once the user interacts/touches an action button associated with a notification, the notification should clear. This would help me avoid the redundant task of clearing the notification after performing the associated action. Hope you guys will consider this feature in a future update. Thanks.
Wish it would activate when I nudge my s6, but otherwise amazing
How do u delete it
Works great in most aspects, however the stock AOSP (Lollipop) alarm-dismiss-screen gets hidden, so I have to swipe twice to dismiss or snooze. A fix for this would be great!
Active mode doesn't always work. Hardly ever, really. Removing the phone from my pocket doesn't trigger the proximity sensor. And I would like the option to have the notifications pulsate rather than appear once for a few seconds.
Great app bug needs a security feature I.e pin, pattern
I kiss my phone, she's so pretty
Best
Add finger print scanner
Need a pattern lock.....plz
Something to control google stopwatch and timer when in lock screen would make this a five star lockscreen app
This app must be integrated into Android by default. Seamless and easy access to the notifications. There are other apps but this is one level above the rest. It keeps getting better with each update. Am a fan.
Latest update has issues with music controls showing up on lock screen.
Please please please get rid of the ongoing notification that says lockscreen. Otherwise great app
This is terrible with protection. Give a pin or password or something please!
Adding a very simple security feature to this app is necessary. Bypassing ZUI locker is easy for thieves, but not for family members or friends. Thanks for reply dear developer.
After the last update, the app seems to have caused my phone to start vibrating each time I get a notification (of any kind) even when I'm on silent. This is very irritating!
After I update my S5 to lollipop, acdisplay isnt working. Everytime I lock my device it uses the default lock app of my phone. How can I fix this? Overall it's a great app anyways. Still a 5star for me.
After upgrade to 3.7, memory leak problem appears again.
The alarms don't get through to the lockscreen an don't make noise either
Totally bakawas app don't download this app otherwise it doesn't remove from your mobile......
M lovn this.. Awsum 100 stars
Am trying to uninstall. but its not properly uninstall .
I love this app since my G3 doesn't light up on notifications as I was used to before coming to Android, and with that it works fine. Sometimes it won't light up on notifications, and when the phone is turned on it goes to the typical lock screen, which bugs me. There is also an option for widgets, but I can't say whether it's good or not because every time I try to add one the app crashes. This really annoys me and if it can be fixed this app will deserve all 5 stars.
Uses device administration and does not allow you to uninstall
AcDisplay is possibly one of the best lockscreens I've used. First, It brings back useful features found on Android 4.2, 4.3, and 4.4 that would be... LOCKSCREEN WIDGETS! Second, it still retains Android 5.0's material design. Last, badass dark look to it.
Great notifications app but would love to use the media screen more than once before unlocking the phone. Once I've viewed the media display and the phone display turns of  it doesn't show again until phone is unlocked and locked again. Else great. S4 Mini Stock 4.4.2
I love this app, the best lock screen in the world, ever !
I've loved this app and used it for some time now. But my only problem is that the system screen timeout always changes back to 15 sec even after I change it manually. This seems to be because of AcDisplay.Please fix it.
I can't add widgets to the lock screen. Every time I try, it says an there was an error in the settings. Fix this and its perfection
Won't work properly on Lollipop, as it takes me to the lockscreen (which displays again the notification I had previously dismissed), besides, it should open the notification when I tap on it, but it doesn't. I believe it has actually something to do with Lollipop itself rather than a bug from the app, it worked flawlessly on KitKat
How can I get the lock screen feature. Will rate 4 stars when I am able to get lock screen feature.
Keep up with tha good work! Just perfect 
But Need pin lock..
Loved it
Best app for my notification message
So much better than the stock lock screen, about time to incorporate a fingerprint scanner option to secure the lock screen
Buggy. Notifications for apps that are open will automatically consider themselves 'read.' Alarms, texts, anything.
Nailed it :)
Intuitive, encompassing and minimalistic. On its course to perfection! . . . .  Just one suggestion, give the option to keep it active besides shutting the screen off, I don't need more power saving than turning the screen off, and probably others with me. It would make unlocking more snappy!
please fix how i can bypass the lockscreen by tapping the home button. also, it's slow on responding to turning my screen on.
Fixed it
Very good alternative to Moto X's notifications (and better than the Dynamic Notifications, plus it's free)
Just add a password option. And I think it's gonna be perfect!
Simply the best!
Everyone should try this, it's give you a whole new level of interaction to the APPS and lock screen,  Never gonna stop using it...
Beautifully designed
This is the app I have searched for since my first Android phone! I love it so much. You sir,  accept my donation.
Since lollipop has notification on lockscreen, after i open acdisplay it has to go through lollipop lockscreen because i need the security (pin, pattern or password). If Acdisplay has its own security, we wont need to go through 2 lockscreens.
Great app
Really nice and a brilliant app but on my lg g3 the app crashes when I try to change the widget and the lock screen only works when I receive a notification (not when I unlock in manually) please fix this or inform me what I'm doing g wrong and it will be 5 stars
Been using this since I was on kit kit with my gs5 and works flawlessly
This used to be my "THE BEST ANDROID APP" of all freaking time ! worked flawlessly with LG G3 running kitkat with and without xposed installed ! just loved the way this app worked, gave it a 5 star without hesitating and am thinking to donate also,  But what stopped me is that there are waay too many bugs for lollipop on LG G3 (hate the stock lollipop lock-screen on the LG G3), I don't want the dev to add any extra features etc, just loved the way it worked on kitkat and want the same on lollipop also ! once this app is fully lollipop compatible, will then return my 5 star rating back and also donate the dev ! :D
I think a cool addition would be a battery saver. So when your battery turns low the lock screen will turn black if you have the phone wallpaper enabled.
It won't let me unstall it
I'm not able to uninstall this app. Every time I tried it says to deactivate. And then there is no option to deactivate..? Please let me know how to uninstall...
The lock screen on my samsung s6 can be opened if I press the home button and doesn't need a swipe to unlock. Please fix
But shame it can't have a passcode or password
I use this despite having bugs in it but if it's improved for MIUI and other custom UI's I'll give it a 5!
Won't activate
Easy and responsible to open notification fastly
E la prima app che reinstallo dopo ogni flash! La adoro.
But, when I open an notification and exit, still it appears on lock screen and I have to manually remove that. Please fix it.
And good dev support
Add support for landscape. ie for tablets
I loved this thing, but the only thing keeping me from using it anymore is that my home button and other capacitive buttons on my phone will close out of the lock screen or take me out of it. I'm using a note 4, so I'm not sure if this is a phone-specific problem, but it's really bothersome. I love the app, but it's given me so many problems solely due to this issue. Lock all the buttons other than the lock button and volume rocker, and it will be perfect for me.
I've been using it for quite a while and love it. Only complaints are with lollipop's new lock screen (wish it could go straight to pattern lock rather than slide) The design is elegant and a beautiful way of showing notifications, much cleaner than the lollipop notifications.  There is one thing I'd love to have implemented: music control. Would it be possible for you to choose to play/pause/fwd/back depending on what controls are in the notification? Edit: holy crap thank you!! He listened!
Just what I wanted. Beautifully developed. Flawless until now. 
Would love the option to set it to only become active if the screen is of for more than say 10 seconds.
Please add a security system. Gesture pattern or any type of lock please otherwise the app is good
Amazing
Great app. But can u add security features. I don't want to go through two lock screens.
Dope shit!! Totally replaced my lockscreen (miui 6 which had nothing on the lockscreen) and being awesome!!!! Keep the good work going on!!!
Home button bypasses the lock screen in samsung phones ! Please fix asap ! Also make it compatible for zooper widgets
How can I uninstall it?? Doesn't show any option to uninstall it. Even in playstore, i cant uninstall it. PLEASE HELP TNX
I seem to not be able to get it to work on my GS5 5.0 Lollipop. I have allowed access for AC Display for everything on my phone. Can someone help me out? In the app, i do not have a Lockscreen Option, only a Active Mode Option. Can that be the issue?
I notice that once i have read the message, the notification doesnt automatically disappear, in fact i have to manually cancel the notification. Please upgrade this and this app will deserve 5 star and more.
Still buggy. really messy if you're one to get a lot of notifications.
The unlock animation isn't working properly on my S6 running lollipop. Other than the bugs it's awesome!!
Very smooth and user friendly, but this would be a whole lot better if there was a passcode for the lockscreen.
Given that 3rd party lock screens cannot really "secure" the phone, the only remaining feature I would love is a "breathing" notification similar to the Moto X Active Display. When there is no notification, the screen stays black. If a notification is present, the screen will pulse on and off at set intervals giving the user an easier way to see the notification if the phone is lying face up on a table.  Otherwise, love everything about it. Keep up the great work!
Please update the setting of lock screen wallpaper
It's great, minimalistic, nice looking, and all around epic. However,  can you please add an option to use a different wallpaper for the lockscreen than the home screen's one? I want to have a different picture on my lockscreen than my home screen. Thanks.
this app is not working on redmi 1s
This app is amazing. It seems to be a little hard on battery life, but that is to be expected and is well worth the trade-off.
I hope this helps inprove the app
Please add password such as pattern or pin to it
Overall a good app... doesn't seem to work well when screen lock is on
Does not show lockcreen button on my LG G3
simply great.
Its very awesome love it
Loved the interface but there's password or even pattern lock.
Can you put options for notification privacy without secure lock? And i would prefer a progress bar in music lockscreen.
When u press the home button to turn on your screen you are sent to the home page, makes app virtually useless
Not working on my lg g3 android 5.0. I have disabled my lg lock screen and applied this one but ac display dont show up when i wake my device
Sucks as a lock screen doesn't even lock most of the times
After upgrading to Lillipop, I was missing the Dashclock lock screen widget.  This app, using Chronus Clock Dash, is a good alternative.  Works as advertised.  Just a cosmetic suggestion to optionally allow widget to display at top of screen.  Nicely done: Simple and effective.
Simply and light... Will done, Please allow to customize background picture..
I wish i can give it more than 5 stars
It'd be nice to be able to change lock screen text color (or dim the brightness of it), at least for clock. It's a bit too bright on amoled display.
Settings crashes when trying to put a widget on my lg l90 fix for 5 stars
I did all things to on ac display but my local lock screen shows up. Please say what to do on Samsung galaxy S4 and please provide me some settings
i cant use alarm anymore since lolipop upgrade, alarm was rang for a second and then it gone
The lock screen rarely works for me, but it is great when it does.
Wtf? It keeps telling me is needs to be deactivated first, and then I can uninstall. I've turned the lock screen off, and tried to uninstall multiple times. DONT DOWNLOAD THIS!!!!
Hopho r djo HD
This lockscreen is great, it looks great too. But it just keeps crashing.
Saves battery life, makes seeing notifications easy.
Ok thanks for your reply. 1. It's not dotted timeout, but dotted icons on statusbar when not in fullscreen (AcDisplay have this feature on the early releases). 2. AcDisplay have Xposed Framework integration, why not using it to implement music control widget ?
This is the perfect lockscreen for me, exactly what I was looking for. However, on my HTC One M7, it unlocks when I press the home button. Please fix it !
Please add an option to keep custom picture as lockscreen background.       Overall,awesome app :), especially the music widget ;-) :D...love this app.Its my default lockscreen because its very handy to read notifications right from the lockscreen without pulling down ur status bar. Keep it up :)
It uses much battery
It's an awesome app for lock screen which can be used for notification also.but from recent update my test notification is not working.but the actual notification works.might wanna see it.using HTC desire820
Great app
Wish there is an option to adjust the period of respond time after the phone is taken out from the pocket. Or even, if possible, make it no delay for the response. Its sometime I unlocked my device this app popped out. (Hope you guys understand what I am trying to express) Sorry, for I am too greedy, there's one user suggested disabling the home button which is a good suggestion (but please do add it as an option instead of default-ing it, for I afraid that sometime this app became irresponsive.)
Doesn't show notifications on lockscreen
Won't work with lollipop
Works amazing.
All this needs is the option to add a password or pattern and lock and unlock sounds.
Hard to unlock screen with button. Sometimes unresponsive
Right now at 90% but could be best app for Android if its worked 100% like moto active display.  The sensors don't work well. Most of the time doesn't show the time or notifications when pulled out of the pocket.  May be with a little work the developer can create a masterpiece.  Please keep working and make this app perfect.  People are willing to pay for apps like this.
Pls fix the lockscreen. Because every time i press the home screen button, it goes to my desktop or home screen. And add some patterns, pin lock so it can be secured so i don't need my built in lock pin or pattern... Pls fix it, because its simple, minimal, fast and smooth animations.. So pls fix it, i really like it. If you do, then I'll give you five stars :))
app works perfectly adding security lock will be great
One of my favourite lockscrren apps to date, simple, quick and great for amoled displays. Would like to request adding the ability to use the fingerprint on the galaxy s6. Would probably bring a lot of users to the app since I know how many people are looking for good lock screen app for that device.
Overall, its a good app to see notifications and time conveniently after pulling it up from the pocket or turning thr phone upside down. However there is an improvement u guys can still do in order to make this app like moto active display is to allow the screen to on and off together with the breathing light.
Love it! Need a lot of Improvement
Artwork doesn't work while playing music. Please fix!
Looks great, and handles notifications well. But needs some improvements. The wave function doesn't work very well.
Many times it freezes and often the notifications are not opened directly from the lockscreen due to some bug
Ive been using this app for a couple of nonths and its really nice, though i do have some improvments i'd like you to add: 1. Make it so you cant unlock using the home button 2. Make it behave like the normal lock screen behaves with alarms 3. Its awesome :D
It would be great if it added a lock after you swiped other than that I love its simple and sophisticated design
They should make a launcher
This is a great app. I really like the look of it and it works great aswell.  But I'm on a galaxy s6 and I would love it if I could use my fingerprint scanner to unlock my phone.
Works well but once you get a notification it won't be dismissed automatically so you have to manually drag them down for the notification to be dismiss
Every update makes this app better
I loved the lockscreen a a the notifications too. Could you add pin code at the lockscreen. Please.
I really liked this app.. But few more improvements will make me love it. I'm suggesting few improvements. Hope you find a way to improve.. 1. Lock the buttons 2. Try to erase the notifications which is already seen 3. Try to add security (pattern, pin, etc) and also try to fix minor bugs :D thanks a lot for this app..
Anyone know how to get rid of this app?
By far the best lockscreen replacement. Would love to see support for custom wallpapers
App works about 60% off the time.  The other times my notification bar freezes with the last message.  If I open this app and send out a test notification the last message will disappear.  Kind of frustrating having to do this a few times a day.  Emailed the app owner months ago, but no response.  Back light on LG G2 phone flashes like a strobe light too.
its easy to use.
This is super and a must have
I use it as a daily driver. I love the proximity unlock. Hate the lockscreen. Still its awesome
Please add whatsapp notification on lockscreen
the home button unlocks the screen
Good app but would be a lot better if there was pin security and a home button blocker so phone won't unlock by pressing the home button. Also, the ability to set any wallpaper would be another plus.
How do you make a lock on the actual app it self. I disabled my stock lock but how to enable ac display lock
Its awesome. My only complaints are that sometimes after a quick unlock the home screen will show up before the lock screen shows up (probably not fixable but hey), the music notif text should be center aligned, and the clock showing up for a split second before it switches to music.
the lockscreen is amazing, but you guys should make a password feature for it
Proximity sensor works. I'm happy again.
My alarm clock doesn't work with this app running, use as lockscreen checked and given device administrator
Great app. Really useful, and great design.
Just make it so I can export settings
Great app. Been using for awhile now and no complaints. The additional feature of allowing widgets  in the last update, made it the perfect lockscreen for me.
I have a galaxy s5. And it wouldnt let me use this as my lockscreen... Very upsetting because I needed something like this.
I've had a small handful of Android phones and each one I've had (about 6), I've installed this on. It's my favorite way to see notifications. I've tried using the stock lock screen on each phone, but nothing would ever compare to AcDisplay. 10/10 you've got a lifetime customer 
Just wished there was an option to keep screen awake after receiving a notification instead of the current 25 seconds max limit.
its the best lock screen nd notification manager. users also advices to install HeadsUp which is a fork to this app.
Great app
Good job devs!!
I cannot find active mode feature on my samsung note 10.1 n8000, 3 star for now because of the missing feature. But overall it works very nice. Thx
No performance issues at all only reason im giving it 4 stars is cause theres no password for the lockscreen when/if it gets a pin feature i will change to 5 stars
When used on nexus 5, it was great. Now with s6 only works some of the time and no fingerprint support.
Sometimes the clock will not show up on the lock screen if I have music playing. Another minor pet peeve would be that when the screen is unlocked while music is playing, the clock from the lock screen will pop up for a split second. If you could fix these issues it would be greatly appreciated.
Perfect, but it needs more. I suggest built-in pattern lock, and a different and seprate wallpaper from the home wallpaper.
One problem, if I press home button, it will go to the home screen. Which is annoying. Can you disable hone button?
I got the app expecting to receive a Motorola like experience. And I was so amazed by how good this app is! This is even better than Motorola's version of this! Way to go!
Widgets could be improved: Both more widgets and improvements to one's already there
Very good but need a way to have a pin or something of that matter
Latest XPOSED 5.1 Alpha allows the lockscreen function to work!
Would be nice to have music and Chromecast controls
Can you just do big monthly updates? I'm tired of constantly updating it.
The app is beautiful and runs great however there is one major problem, when I use nexmusic + to play music as soon as the lockscreen activates nexmusic + crashes (it didn't do that with my stock launcher)
Awesome work flawless on my LGG3
Everything keeps fine until I try to add widgets. Then the app crashes
It worked beautifully when in Kitkat, but in lollipop, things get a little weird such as the settings panel that looks like Kit Kat and things like that. So I want the visual update
Love it
Is it possible to make this app work with the Galaxy s6 edge feeds? That would be really cool to have just simple notification alerts on the side of my phone.
only gripe is that it doesn't have any security options (like pin or pattern)
Some other lockscreen apps have been able to integrate the S6 fingerprint sensor into their apps.  Would gladly pay.
On my S4, the Menu button is not disable when the screen is locked and everytime I press on it, it unlock my screen - Not Good!  This needs to be fixed!
good job done...ac display
Does the job
Good but should add an unlocking option so I don't have to click the bar to type in my password every time I unlock
Awesome absolutely enjoy this app. I would definitely recommend!
Notification icons still appear on the lockscreen though I already dismissed/seen them, or the other way around wherein notifications still appear on my notification bar. Otherwise, it's such a great looking minimalistic app! Please just fix some bugs/problems.
The design is amazing, probably the most simple, elegant I've seen in years, however you don't get much personalization and that's fine. My only complain is that the widgets don't work as they should be or it's confusing using them, also the artwork the app gets from other music apps sometimes fails to display, pops 3 seconds and then it turns dark
This is a great application, developer responds quickly to issues / bugs :-)
After having this installed on my Note 3 a few days, notifications stop showing up on the lockscreen.
Loved it
It was best app but not working under android Lollipop.  Pl fix it.
First of all beautiful app I've had for about three months but the new widget feature comes up with a pop up saying settings has crashed when you try to add a widget. Also a security feature is becoming something I want on this now. I know that it might not be completely possible due to the full screen/non full screen feature but a way around this should be possible like other lock screens. Otherwise great app and interface
Installed to test it and didn't seen to work on my s5 now it won't uninstall. Feels like some of thoses browser hijacker.
100% good
Wave to unlock feature requires a slight long pause over the sensor to work on moto g 2 needs to be quicker like gravity screen
Amazing dynamic notification app
The app keeps blocking my alarm
This is what the Android lock screen should be. It is the most intuitive way of managing lock screen notifications I've ever encountered. Only the icons are displayed, so the screen is not cluttered by notification content as with the default lollipop lock screen.  The Active Display feature works really well, the animations are slick, and the recent addition of corner gestures to launch the camera and dialer finally makes this lock screen so much better than stock in every way.
yes yes yes yes this is exactly what I wanted kudos all around for developers
I love how the app is functional, convenient and above all, minimalistic. :)
I love this app, it's the best lock screen  replacement there is, but you lose all security, I would love if you would a pass code, pin, etc.
Best one I've seen
Best lockscreen ever
I find that this lockscreen is wayy better than the new "next lockscreen".. One tiny gripe is why no widgets? And why no password or pin option? Y u no do dis?
Widgets dont work says "settings has stopped" and really needs a passcode, for free ofc.
Can't use the lock screen due to the usage stats :(
Personally love the minimalism lockscreen options over all alternatives that I've encountered since swapping to android a couple years ago. . I would love quick access to the music app from the lockscreen. Like unlocking from the player controls to open up the in use media app.! Love it as it though, keep up the awesome work!
App is sleek, responsive and simple. My only complaint is the music controls timeout after 3 seconds, which is too short and I don't see where I can adjust that. That's really my only complaint.
Update fixed last issue. Would still like a music widget tho
Well done
I love everything about this app,  especially the newly added widget support. I would give 5 stars if it had a password screen lock!
Performance alright but a bit buggy.
But please add security option
I love the app, very clean and easy to use, animations are also good, but I'd really like the option to add text on the lock screen, otherwise it's great:)
Except I need security other than that it is amazing!
Sucks cant set password you are forced to use home screen wallpaper or have it black
Thanks to Lollipop's horrible lockscreen changes, I need a lockscreen app. Still haven't found a perfect one. This is the best option, but it's not perfect. Lacks: 1) weather widget (is possible?) 2) ability to better customize wallpaper 3) lockscreen timeout options - phone's set to 4 min but acdisplay locks after 10 seconds & I have to re-enter PIN. Really frustrating. Otherwise, it works quite well & is aesthetically well designed.
Don't work properly. Can't uninstall from settings/apps and from menu
Great app it is but I see a lot of people complaining on how to uninstall it so here goes nothing ....go to settings then security then device administrator then untick acdisplay ....then go to settings then apps then all then tap on acdisplay and click on uninstall .....that's about it ..hope it helps add be on google plus :D
Dosent lag up my phone... Beatiful design... Free app
Doesn't work on Galaxy S5 Android 5.0
Very disappointed that I can't uninstall the device. Please provide me with the tools to uninstall
Amesome replacement for my boring lock screen
Hands down best notification app I've ever had. I really enjoy this as my lockscreen. I have not had any problems with it and it works great on my Note 3. Nice job dev!  
Bummer cuz its a great app
It's a very simplistic and clean lock screen. I love it, but my only gripe would be the lack of security. Other than that fact, it's perfect lock screen for those who enjoy the simplistic look.
Can you please add a landscape mode just for tablets?
I can not uninstall this app it will not deactivate from settings or play store  on a galaxy S6 tried every way  I know how to uninstall this and it will not go away. How do I get rid of this app???
Alright This Is Flipping Bugging Me Now Like Beyond Belief And That Problem Is I Don't Care If The Pattern Or Pin Implemented Is Not Secure I Just At least Need A Bit Of Security Because Something Is Better Than Nothing Yes I Know A Pin Can Be Bypassed In Many Ways But Iam Just Saying This Because Anyone Can Go Onto My Phone With ACdisplay But I Love The Lockscreen And Also Please Add A Knock On Feature... Please I Will Love You. +Artem Chepurnoy.
Absolutely fantastic, no complaints here, just praises!
Since updating to L acdisplay works once in a blue moon - when I had a notification from Instagram and from Hangouts. Other than that, nothing. Was hoping latest update would fix this problem
Hello thank you for fixing the alarm clock issue. This is best and  simplest lock screen notification display yet. Active mode works perfectly. Thank you
It would be even better if there was an integrated security feature such as a pass code etc
Great app
Blacklisted my message app by default even though the systems notifications for the app were turned on. Removing apps from blacklist should be a 1 click process. Bad design.
Super
Using it from last year brilliant work from the developer. ;-)
Works really well. One thing is with active mode make an option too have the proximity sensor working so it doesn't go off in your pocket
Get moto x style notification on any phone with amoled screen.  Works great and is very handy at checking notification without unlocking the phone
It's perfect.
Please make possible to choose wallpaper picture or (better) multiple pictures (or directory) for random display.
The best...
Great app! Add pin or some kind security would be great
Amazing
Full of Awesomeness
Music widget not working please fix it
All it is.  If only pressing the home button will not bypass the locker..  It would be great!
Hope there's an option to have pattern lock or pin. Dont know to others but it always unlocking when i put my phone on my pocket. So some app open accidentally. Using samsung s5 and lenovo p70.
Can you please add some security features like pattern and password
Elegant, smooth, functional. Lovely transition effect and the notification popup is just brilliant. Worthy of mention: no battery consumption noted.
WHY THE CONSTANT UPDATES ??until yesterday afternoon this was THE best lock screen app available I think; however now that I have been lucky enough to get the lollipop update - I can no longer seem to get the music function in lock screen mode ???  I notice that the developer seems to have been a little quiet on this app for a while so not sure if interest is lost??  anyone know of a short cut or when a patch might be made??
Best lockscreen/notification display ever. Clean simple and easy to use, looks awesome and works just as awesome. Good job sir. Update: Blacklist works on all my apps. Corner gestures perfect size now for me.  Not sure if you can, but to override system lock screen/use only AcDisplay as default system lock. I don't like my HTC one coming up afterwards. Also like another reviewer said, add some minor security like a PIN. Maybe I can disable system lock screen (no lock) and use Ac w/pin.
Only problem is that it doesn't activate when lifting the phone off the table while the phone is facing upwards.
Very functional and very elegant app does exactly stay it says perfectly absolutely no complaints! Developer has done an amazing job! Keep it up!
active display doesn't work...pls fix it
Pls make it have independent wallpaper
Why does this only show music controls when there is no music app on  and not the clock?
The design and minimalistic outlook is extremely beautiful in my opinion. Couple that with its quick access to notifications and it obtains five starts with no doubt. Nexus 6 running Chroma Build 5/7/15
Just one thing if some security measures could be added..... Cuz right now I can just tap the home button and it unlocks.... Samsung note 3 n-900 running official android 5.0
Vi
Looks great but makes my alarms not work on my lg g2.
This is a amazing app and works great and doesn't have to many bad things and lock screen functions nearly perfect but could be done more lollipop style and i love the new corner gestures. A lot of new features could and should be added but this works great for me!
I like this app alot but sometimes slow down my phone
Very good job at your updates and great features... Keep doing with more...
Sucking a plenty of juice after latest update. Replaced with a different lockscreen. Eagerly awaiting for the fix... Luv the app.
I love this lock screen. Really its the best one I've used. The only problem is that it snoozes my alarms when they go off. I realize I can use the inactive hours for the lock screen but the alarms should still function without it.
When unlocking the device, the white circle spread to the whole screen, but now it just stops getting larger at like half an inch on diameter. If this is fixed it deserves a 5 star.
Love this lock screen.. It does everything that need. .  The app continues to crash all the time after android 5.0.1 upgrade. . Took two stars away... Please fix the issue and the app will get 5 stars once again.  Please fix the crashes and you will get give stars again. . I've sent many crash reports - the app flickers when a message comes in and then crashes.
There is a glitch: when music is playing, the screen costantly keeps on blinking between clock and player. How can I solve this? I cant figure it out. Samsung G Note 4
Why music buttons and art doesnt show up in lockscreen whenever i play my music?
Very good concept and used to work great on galaxy S5 KitKat. After lollipop update the animations are a bit glitchy. The app causes a moderate battery drainage, not too bad. And the new wave to wake feature doesn't work at all on my S5!! Please fix that. A pin or password protection is very much required. The lockscreen has few bugs, sometimes it just locks while using the phone. Other than that, it's a very good app and a very smart developer. I like that the team keeps updating the app.
If you like minimal, this is perfect. Works great.   I'm curious if there will be a homescreen-widget with the same design and functionality as well. Would really love it
Simple,Minimal and the Best so far.
Like it
I cant find the lockscreen option for the LG G3. Hell me please. I really love the lockscreen feature. I dont know why i cant see it now.
I see how clicking on a message notification with Google messenger etc. Apps makes the contact pic the wallpaper, but that does not happen with Textra. I really like textra but I also like the acdisplay. Is there any way to make them both compatible with each other?
Great way to get notifications.  Very similar to Motorola's active notifications, but not quite as good.  Very helpful and is under active development.  +1 for being open source!
Like it but will be better with some security please answer and fix.
Used to love this, but now crashes often and makes my phone unresponsive. Will come back if fixed.
This is by far my favourite lockscreen available in the Play Store. I'm not a huge fan of Lollipop's cluttered lockscreen interface, so this makes the most sense to me, also for having an AMOLED screen.
Keeps crashing when I open the app
No active display
Double tap screen on feature badly needed... !
Plz update thz app....cuz it cosumes more power than usual......
Great app. Hope the developer keeps making more apps like this.
Keep up the good job!
This is one of the best looking "lock" screens on the app store and has become an app that I never want to lose due to its minimal take on this genre. One improvement that I would suggest is to add an optional feature for a pin or password as it can not really be classed as a lock screen if it doesn't securely "lock" your phone.
Now that this has a camera shortcut it's a five-star replacement for the stock lock screen.  It would be nice to have the option to display the camera icon in the hot-corner where it's set instead of only in the unlock animation.  Either way, this is a fantastic app.
Great job to the developer, thumbs up!!
I love this lockscreen it's perfect. The Only thing I would like is to be able to set a lockscreen wallpaper without having to have it as a home screen wallpaper as well.
How to Deactivate?
Thanks. All fixed now and awesome. Anyways pls. Implement a custom wallpaper on the lockscreen. Thank you.
Please try custom clocks and widgets option on lockscreen...
Good but lots of bugs. Constant crash with soundcloud and endless notification with textra
Keep it up Dev!
Great job by the developer. I've been using the app for some time now and it only gets better and better!
I will be very nice if this app will have double tap to wake, and also double tap anywhere to sleep or lock. Or will have the knocking code to unlock it
Keep up the good work!
If it had a security option, 5 stars
My favourite set up is to leave background black and set circle colours to random
Just one question, does the new wave to wake feature work the same way as the note 4 wake feature, it's not working on my oneplus one, not sure of I'm doing  something wrong...
Only 1 star rating because press the home button 3 times an the phone unlocks
Everyday it's asking for update??
I like this apps but the problem is some times it make hanging problem when i can't unlock my phone without restart... Its bad experience... If u solved this problem i must give you five star..because the apps is really good.
Sometime in the last few days this has stopped working. I get the vibrate on double press but nothing happens. Reinstalled and issue persists. Edit: Updated Sense Toolbox and it's fixed :)
This app began well enough, but later became buggy, turning the screen on and off randomly...tried to uninstall. But it made itself a device administrator! I have uninstalled it, after some effort.
Password option please!
very awesome app, except it crashes twice a day, glitches with active mode once in a while and always shows me "swipe down to view bar".
Gesture shortcuts are bad its a very necessary add to the app but not that way you need make it swipe to right or left like the stock lollipop lock screen because like this every time I unlock the device the camera opens by mistake .... Good job
Love the minimalism. New camera swipe option fixed my only complaint. Simple, good looking lock screen, and now I can access my camera from lock. 10/10
Love the concept!  Saves countless clicking power button for checking messages. Can even fast forward songs with this thing! Amazing!
I round it ^_^
Works great again
Awesome material design and works great. Could not help but donate. .         Edit: I have an issue, if I had the notification bar down and the lockscreen also has the notification bar. Please fix!
I have used AcDisplay for a loooong time and I only love it more with time. Great new features! Really loving the gestures especially unlock to camera! Thank you!
I love the design, the execution, how the app stays out of the way, but gets what you need done. I would love a "breathing" option though, even if there aren't any notifications, and it'd be nice if the app went straight into password input when using a password lock on lollipop, instead of first going to the lock screen. Also would love to set my own apps for the corner functions, and the blacklist is still done in a kit kat design, despite the material design everywhere else.
One of the Best Xposed Modules but new option of wave to wake is not properly working.
It's not uninstalling just didn't like app and now it won't uninstall
I wanted to keep this lock screen as my daily driver but it causes above avg battery drain
I'm having problems with widgets, when I want to select a new widget (even the first one) it closes and let me to the main menu
Why does a notification constantly stay in my notification tray? Can't clear and is the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars! LG G3 VS985 running Cm12.1
Would be nice if the full screen would disable the top and bottom bar. Thanks dev :D
But what's with the numerous updates?
I'm using this app on my LG G2. This is a nice simple app. But what it needed badly was lockscreen widgets. Finally, with the last update, I saw it included. But whenever I try to hit the + button of widget to add one, this pop-up comes "unfortunately, settings has been stopped". It's so frustrating. Cause I wanted this feature for a long time. But after I've got it, I can't even use it!!!  Update : still can't use the widgets settings after 4 updates following my review. Please fix it!!!
This app has potential. I just hope it can disable the home button while it is working.
It would be great if you would add a lock sound and some way to actually lock it (pin code, pattern, etc); i know that the whole point of this is speed and simplicity, but they would be nice features. Thank you 
Could you add a double tap to wake screen as that would be very helpful and maybe add a security lock aswell as I use a pattern lock
Best lock screen period. The only thing stopping me from using it full time is the lack of security. I will be willing to pay for a Pro version if it supported pattern, PIN, or fingerprint security.
I used this app for close to 9 months and loved it. As updates started, it began to slow my phone down significantly. My buttery smooth transitions turned to rubbish!!! I deleted and my phone is running like a dream. In addition, the notifications on the lock screen stopped coming up and I missed some really important info for work. Good for a long time, but not even decent anymore.
The new updates are awesome!!! If i can i will give you 100 stars.Really great app.Thank you :)
Liked it pretty much but no lock screen security lock option
I have been using it for over 8 months now. This is best active display app... Better than what MOTO X has or Lollipop has. The feature to wake up the screen with only app icon which had generated notification is very useful.
Needs to be optimized, coz it's slow in response .
Its an absolute must have app for any phone! In fact, you should make this for iOS as well if possible! Its so much of an inconvenience to use any phone without it! It's that good! Absolutely love it!
and this is still my default lockscreen notifications app. Keep up the great work, Artem!
good and keeps improving and will hope it will get even better
Textra notifications still flash
Add pattern lock for and also unlocking with  motion like ambient display
The active mode used to work perfectly fine on Moto E(KitKat version) but after upgrading to the Lollipop soak test the feature is not usable any more.
Great!
Well done! This is probably the closest you can get to the Moto X's active lock screen. The addition of wave-to-wake is great!
Very helpfull app
The wave features seems not working
At its core, this is a great lock screen replacement. It could be a bit more robust, but the new features seem to be addressing this. There are bugs and they need reporting so it's highly recommended you donate or actively report errors.
Recently, ive received notifications from all apps, however the snapchat notifications werent working. Ive checked the blacklist and snapchat notifications arent hidden or on silent.... could you fix it so the snapchat notifications work please? Thanks
One of my go to apps on every device
Like that with almost every update something new comes, that's a real great job. I just wish that there was maybe security, a pattern maybe. But still, this is one of my favorite apps.
Best Thing Ever!
The dev is ALWAYS updating with new features and even translations.
I've tried dozens of different lock screens and this is hands down the best. It's even better than motorolas native lock screen and more useful than lollipops, imo. You can reply directly from the lockscreen without opening the app. You can also preview and dismiss notifications.
Better than the Moto Display that came on my Moto X.
Galaxy S4 Lollipop, and the Active mode will not work no matter what app or phone settings I apply.
Best minimalist lock screen ever. I can't recommend this enough to everyone. Will gladly donate to support this devs great work.
An option to add a custom wallpaper other than the home screen wallpaper would make it the perfect app.. Looking forward for new updates..
I love it, its simple and easy to use and my friends have no clue on how to open my phone! I have one downside though, whenever you press the home button it exists the lock screen. Could you fix this issue?
Hope the next update has an option where you can use different wallpaper for the lock screen.
1. While using lockscreen function, sometimes it takes me to my launcher homescreen when I press home button. I guess it skips the lockscreen.  2. What is the need for xposed module? I can't see any change after enabling it!  Overall nice app.
No need to press power button or volume keys to wake device. Must have app. With frequent updates
Wish I had this previously.
simply!!! Goood:) !
Instantlock works great with it too. Most recent updates leave the "Just dismiss this notification" every once in a while for no apparent reason.
It just always makes my phone lag. I have an HTC One M8
Should have the ability to set custom wallpapers, and battery, time info always visible. Wish to see these in the coming updates. Over all I really liked it.
Add password option so it will be the best lock screen on play store....
Don't you think that you should add a camera shortcut key to the lockscreen? Don't you think it will be completed after that?
amazing app, only problem is that when playing music through Samsung's pre-installed app or Gplay music it crashes
I use this with my nexus 6. Much better than ambient display.
3.4.3 Will not work with Spotify, crashes when trying to display album cover
This app has come a long way... And really works nicely
smooth as silk ...faced a bit sudden app failure troubles but all fine after the update .. ! just give me a pattern lock for icing on the cake .. :)
Love using this app. But is there a way to bypass the need to double swipe to unlock the screen for lollipop users?
The most used lockscreen of all time for me. And i don't use many as they never live upto my expectations. Simple clean and perfect.
Don't know why is not working for me after a factory reset.. Having issue while getting notification access.. Please help
Using moto g lollipop
Easy to use and can get notification directly from the lock screen
ok
Really a great app and helps to save a lot of time. Request you to add quick reply and delete options in the message notification to make it even more superb. Will be number one app in notifications category then and will become awesomely awesome from just awesome. Will also get 5 stars.
Fix the unlock whenever I press the home button
Great and constant updates. The app is great and simply beautiful, a pleasure to use. I hope they will not go with the material design trend.
Best lockscreen, I've used it since its early stages, but right now, latest update broke the music player w/ dynamic background. Please fix it, I'll change my rating of couse as this is one of the best I've used. Galaxy S3.
Apply widget doesn't work on my LG g3. Keeps saying it stopped.
Installed to check it out and wouldn't work properly so tried to delete but says it needs admin rights
It's the one thing missing to make this perfect and switch full time from the stock moto x lockscreen.
Everything is perfect with this locker except from one thing. I can't add my music widget. Basically, it doesn't ever appear my music widget as a choice to select it. Please fix it :(
Bogged down my phone, my texting app took forever to send messages and immediately after install froze up my phone. Still waiting on it to uninstall, also taking forever. Using a Galaxy S4 mini.
One cool app
Don't love the notification icon always there and one in task manager
No problems highly recomend
nice app also need more fixes for android
Swipe to unlock is not smooth. i noticed some glitches. And also Notifications are still unread even i have read them before locking screen. Home key allows to unlock screen.
As far as I can tell there isn't any way to actually lock your phone i. e. Pass code, pattern lock, etc...
It's been draining my battery and heating my phone a ton since I upgraded to lollipop. Have to deactivate it for now.
Good idea
I've tried and tried after every update, but it still won't work on my Galaxy s5 after the lollipop update.. .
Waited 3 days for a fix. Still nothing, no clock just a blank lock screen. So I'm uninstalling. Thanks for ruining an awesome app
I really like app. I'm the type who prefers minimal layouts for smartphones.   One suggestion: For the background, we have two options: solid black or the background from the homescreen. Can you also add lockscreen or allow custom background? I prefer lockscreen and homescreen having different backgrounds.  Overall, really nice.
Good
The unlock animation feels a bit "heavy", could use some improvement.
Really well designed, really love the look and feel but... I really need a Lock Code! Preferably a pattern lock. Please deliver!
custom wallpaper would be like a cherry on top of the cake 
I am using ACdisplay for past 5 months and no problem.. Now suddenly it is being weird. When i get a notification on my lock screen..the screen doesn't turn on..so sensor doesn't wake up my screen.. What can I do?.. Its after the recent update
Simple and elegant.
Love the app, I can see all my notifications very quickly in a bubble and close them and it leaves it as unread  and keeps me a reminder to open them again later , love the background blur and photo of the person.battery drain incresed ..Can you remove the notification of the slide bar? If yes would be happy to rate it a 5 star
This app is really helpful . Need few improvements
Didn't like it, and it won't let me uninstall it! WTF? Keep trying.
It's perfect designed but unfortunately don't work on lolipop lock screen, if you enable it after unlock the app you need unlock the default android lock screen.
I really like this App but after its last couple of updates now it's super buggy and crashes all the time
Choosing wallpaper when?
make the lock screen stable and improve the other. i love it
Way better than peek. My only complaint is that every once and a while I get a blue prompt that comes up at the top of my screen when I get a new message. It's as if the app acts like it has been installed for the first time, when you would normally see the prompt. It's a bit annoying. LG G3 Lollipop.
This was a four star but the latest update to my phone makes the app not work at all for me...
Please add security for save and beautiful 
My journey with this app has been a rollercoaster. Every update, while seemingly fixing previous bugs, just creates other bugs. I really love this app and want to continue to use it but it's just not functional. It freezes up, closes randomly, the music controls randomly stop workin after a certain period of time, etc.
I like this app a lot, but it prevents my alarms from sounding! Found that out the hard way... LG G3 stock rooted
Crashes when plugging in headphones on z3 5.0.2
It drains your battery & it needs a camera button in the lock screen.
I love this app, but I have 2 issues, one is that I get a blue screen error all the time. 2. Ever since the last update my battery has been draining like crazy!  If you can fix those 2 stuff I would up my review to 5 stars!
Work great now
Would be a five star if option to open the app just by swiping the app icon to right is added as i am not able to open whatsapp from the screen when there are notifications from two different groups. Otherwise one of the best app
Mr. Developer... Unfortunately, setting is stop when applying widget.
A must have.
Ability to set custom lockscreen wallpaper rather the wallpaper of home screen.
Unlocks with the home button. A pain if you get a notification while the phone is in your pocket, the home button gets pressed and you're magically dialing Japan... Note 4. 5.0.1.
when phone is lying down I see random wakeups without any notifications.active mode is on there is always a notification.
i check the permission on notification setting on my phone but still it wont show any notification when activated
Brilliant!
Customization for background and level of dimming Please
I need to be able to change the wallpaper to an image other than my home screen wallpaper. Is there a way to do that?
It stopped working with my Galaxy s4 5.0.1 update please help I love this lock screen
Love the notifications which can be seen by swiping up. But sometimes not responsive with music playing in background. Anyways five stars :)
 ,       ,     ,      .
Does everything right, but my phone has physical buttons. Pressing the home or menu button closes it like any other app. Just a minor inconvenience.
It doest do anything which is not obvious
Great. The only missing feature is automatic opening the last incoming notification.
Tired bunch of apps. nothing stands out as this one.
Latest update is killng battey
Could be the best but needs some improvements for real... fix home button unlocks it and add some security please!
I love the widgets
Great app! Battery efficient and a clean look. Don't have to unlock using the on/off
Love it...... easy,awesome just perfect
Seems cool but is hampered by Android Lollipop changes.
Battery drain
Hopping to add function double click waking the scree.
Pressing the home button on the lockscreen unlocks the phone. Is this a design or a bug? Can we please have an option to disable it?
Minimalistic look and notifications are looking pretty good.U can lock your screen,but how to wake it up without pressing the power button?Maybe,waving a hand over the screen.Make it happen and it wil be a perfect thing.
You fixed the black title bar, awesome
It's liquid smooth and extremely beautiful.  Just pls add the option to put a separate wallpaper Instead of just desktop wallpaper
Cant u use xposed framework to make a pattern lock option.
thank u! yesterday's biggest update problem for me is that the lockscreen had a black title bar.today's update repairs that! thank u!
Very useful and indispensable.
Ok,,,,  i don't like it because i want the notification's text to be displayed on the lock screen.  And now when i go to un install it, it seems that u got to deactivate and then uninstall,  but does not tell or guide me on how to do this deactivate.  Please help.  Ta
Had to turn ac lock screen off as it prevented my alarm clock from ringing twice in 2 weeks. Got me late at work, can't afford it... This never happened prior to lollipop update in December 2014 . I'm using an lg g3.
loved the active display on my moto x. And I greatly enjoy this on my moto g. Is there a way I could get my phone to stop telling me how to exit full screen though?
Love this lock screen, notifications are great and handled well, when they work. Ever since I upgraded to Lollipop, the app will crash from time to time and needs a system reboot to fix. Galaxy Note 4 on ATT. Hoping this update fixes that.
When playing music, my UI switches between the album art back to my wallpaper.... Is that apart of the update?
It may be true that there doesn't exists a secure lock screen password for android but not everyone is an hacker so just put a simple 4 numbers password and this app will be a life saver for real.
Awesome creative... superb
Nice app but some time bypass (swipe) lockscreen on wakeup in Lolipop
Great lock screen replacement. Its just a bit buggy in terms of not showing music artwork.
works great!
This is a great app. Have been looking for something like for quite some time now. This shows what you need to know, who sent what and when.
Does what I need it to do and is updated very regularly.
By this app we all budget smartphone users can taste the features of the expensive smart phones. This app is just excellent in performance I had no issue with this app.. And I recommend this to all.. And thank you acdisplay team. I liked this app so much
awesome app, and very well supported with constant updates, only reason why i'm not using it is because i can't set a custom (non-home screen) wallpaper, any reason for that?
elegant and powerful
So far so good
In 3.4.2, when you turn the phone on while playing music, the album artwork will show for a second and then switch to a black background (music controls stay however). Otherwise, great app.
Seem to be working...
I really like the lockscreen but I kinda need the pin code on my phone or any password at all and I don't like having to go through two different lock screens every time I open the phone so I would really appreciate if you put some sort of pin code like in lollipop that comes from up when we slide it open do you know what I mean?
Beautiful and beautiful.
Best lockscreen ever
This type of app is what strangest of kitkat.
When I turn this on in accessibility, it turns talkback on as well and it won't turn off until I turn off AcDisplay. TalkBack is super annoying and slows the phone down and I won't be able to use this app because of it.
Love this app! Saves on time and battery life.
Quite useful. Just one little missing thing: the option to enable/disable the music widget. Thanks to the developer. The custom widget is a great improvement. Enjoy the ice cream.
What is with this title?
Great app, I hope u can add an option to see if WiFi is turned on in the lock screen,  also with the recent widget update I am unable to add a widget the app crashes when I do that. Ty
Best lock screen. Though when using music controls it will crash sometimes.....also at other random times.
How do I get rid of the title? Otherwise a beautiful app.
I only one problem is that when you click quick reply the android stock lock screen has to be unlocked first. On android 5.0.2. Other then that this app works perfect. I like it a lot.
Album art is nt showing for jb..
Just add the blinking of screen when a new notification arises
But please add a security... thnxx
Love it love it LOOOOOVE it! Best lockscreen app around. Could never and would never use another.
Superb and simple. Appreciate the efforts.
I go to settings, go to interface to change the widget and everysingle time I press the add widget button it always says: Unfourtounately the settings have stopped. PLEASE FIX IT
while pressing home screen button it goes to home screen when i was in lockscreen. please lock the home screen button in lockscreen
Compared to other lockscreen apps, this is much for fluid. On Sense7 and it keeps my lockscren simple
Great but add home button blocker for security and I'll easily give 5 stars and a smiley face
I never thought I'd be using an app for my lock screen. This app is simple and the best! Runs great on lollipop 5.1.1.
each one to teach one reach one
Widgets are not working. 3.4.1
It crashes on 3.4 if I try to add a widget
Every time I unchecked full screen mode "acdisplay" appears in the upper left hand corner. Why is this?
Can you please add pattern lock and/or pin lock
Active mode only works if I set option of active mode on at all times. Otherwise screen doesn't come on when notification arrives. Which is a shame as it uses more battery.
I been using this app for too long now and it's just Amazing... this app is simple,practical, and beautifully designed  Kudos to the developer... I have one request PLEASEEEEEEE if you can add the lockscreen security passcode functionality, cuz this is the only thing missing from this app... if we get the ability to set lockscreen password within AcDisplay, then bye bye the ugly android lockscreens for reall man keep up the good work. thank you for your efforts.
This or nothing
Would 5 star if there was an option to remove the constant AcDisplay Services tab from the notification bar.
Unlocks when pressing home button. An option to disable this would be great!
The all is simply superb.. A must have app for all users..
App is fantastic. Found the culprit if the ads. Thanks for the app!
Really like the app but have an issue where the notification stays on in my panel despite being dismissed from the lockscreen. Would be perfect if it was fixed.
Crashes and needs to rough out any edges regarding animation
Worked great before, but my alarms don't work, phone unlocks itself when I get a notification. It's a shame because this is a must have app for me. Hopefully bugs gets worked out for Lollipop, but I won't be using it for now. Lg g3
Looks cool, but pointless. My phone was dead in a few hours, I checked the battery status and found that this app was using 49 percent of the battery!  Nope uninstall this hog.
It was great until recent updates. Now it crashes. Does not respond. It will also lag when I turn on my screen. I'll see the normal stock lockscreen,  unlock the phone,  then AC display will finally catch up and lock my screen again.
I like it this app so much!! But can you provide some password or pattens?
Not working on my galaxy S3
I did install and activated everything but the lockscreen does not appear. Please fix
I loved this app for its unique way to access notifications,And thanks for the seek bar in latest update,But I'm not giving five star because...there are some bugs to be solved. Like it keeps on flickering whenever any other notifications like call cost or data left messages from the service providers. And it would b helpful if u also provide some kind f PIN or pattern lock
Why on earth do you not have a pin or password or pattern? Come on fix this and I will give you give stars
Probably the best.  
Add camera shortcuts...and I'll rate you 5 stars
It's really nice it just doesn't have a password on it
Latest update isn't working on android4.3
Keeps throwing error on lock screen until I remove the battery.
But please work hard on the animation unlock, and maybe a passcode would be great, then 5 stars
UPDATE : Go to settings, security, device administrators  and uncheck for this app. Reboot and then you can uninstall.
It gives a Super neat looking lock screen and good functionality as well.. It is awesome!!
Would really like to see support for the fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S6
Love it.. The new version is absolutely fantastic.. No other lock screen or notifier app beats this for me till now..
I'm using the lock screen only with my Note 3, 5.0, for notifications. It works well with the built-in password lock screen on the phone. Thanks!
Visually minimalistic and is feature packed with things like active mode and an exposed module.
Seems the new update broke the lock screen on the lg g3 and I don't know what this can use xposed for but it seems interesting
Why there is no option to rate 7stars :) Works flawlessly with my stock 4.2.2 lock screen. (Xposed activated too) Really impressed. Such a great work.. May God bless u :)
It's simple and fast, especially the  double tap to off screen . But I would like to suggest that  plus a double tap to on the screen function that use gravity sensor, for me  to turn on my scrren when I want to use my phone on top of table... Appreciated your work man! Keeps up ya~
Can you put some passcode or pattern? because everytime i put my phone in my pocket and someone texts and the phone turn on, my phone will automatically use. And i didn't even use and notice. Please in next update, and notice me please. Thank you
show essential needs, but somehow made my native alarm app stop working when activated. its ok though because there is an inactive period setting..
nice
I really liked the minimalistic design.. But had to uninstall it as it gets opened on pressing home key... Please add this feature of blocking home button... I want to use this app as a lock screen but is of no use to me right now... Sorry... But appreciate your efforts developers :-)
Can I set the background wallpaper to another picture rather than my home screen wallpaper?
Nice app
I love this app and works well on my other devices. On my galaxy s5 how ever after the update only active mode is available but lock screen is not there. I find that lock screen is a key part of this app and it feels incomplete with out it.
Simple appearance and easy to use.
Finally got it working on note 3 cm12.1
If your running a device 3 or more years from now, not very recommended. But give it a try! It's great. I use this on all my devices and its makes my phone like the Moto X. Give it a try.
Would be 5 stars if you got rid of the full screen notification that pops up.
Was great before I've updated to 5.0.2. Now it doesn't work. Please fix asap. Great app
It's really nice but would rate it to 5 start if it had a secure way of protecting my phone either using pin lock or pattern.
I wish there was notification sync in pre jelly bean 4.3 devices. It would be great if you can find a workaround for it using the power of xposed. It bothers me because I have to dismiss each notification twice. A dismiss all feature on ac display would be nice on devices without notification sync.
Please also enable music widget for 4.2.2
The latest update fix the double notification for Textra. It's perfect now. Good job.
Simply great!
Wish you could speed up the unlock animation and support unlock sensitivity customization though. Thatd be really nice.
Why did you remove the visual countdown timer bar??  It looked awesome..
why after update I always see notif by acdisplay and  description below"just dimiss this notofication" it always show event after I clear , fix please
Still no pin lock for this app? Such a pity though..
This is exactly what I have wanted as my lockscreen but it drains away the battery too much. Nearly 50% more battery had been wasted because of this. That's a shame for a such a good looking lockscreen.
The best app you can use as your lockscreen but some problems are there for the notification and  that's all thanks guys. :-)
Notifications can be easily viewed and dismissed from the lock screen. I am not sure if this app is the reason I am not getting my LED notifications. I can live with it though because the screen comes on when there is a new notification.
Excellent app! Works great and has almost constant updates, developer is great about fixing bugs!
Perfectly beautiful. Those who need protection can use it on top of built-in lockscreen (I do). A couple of features I'd love to see added: 1) quick-dismiss notification (e.g. slide right when notification expanded); 2) use proximity sensor to lock/ unlock screen during call in active mode (the in-built detection is awful on my Cat device, and you're polling the sensor anyway). Thanks!
I love this app from the very first day of using it. Its very easy to access to the notifications from the lock screen. Love the compact look its having. But there is a tiny bit of problem that stops me from giving a 5star. On the lock screen if any additional notifications pop up while the screen is turned on, I cant access it from the lock screen itself. I have turn my screen off and on it inorder to access it from there.... So please... fix it so that I can happily rate u with a 5 star.
Beautiful and simple. Does what its supposed to do.
It need security password
I love AcDisplay. I use it as my lock screen. I don't see any significant drop in battery nor ram usage. Very nicely done, provides a simple and minimal lock screen without clutter
Suppose I get a notification from an app and I dismiss it from the notification panel. However it will still appear in the ac display lock screen and then I have to manually dismiss them from the ac display lock screen again. This repeated dismissing of notifications becomes annoying after a while.
could you manage to remove the messenger heads from acdisplay when i pull the phone out the pocket?
Good app..  But older notifications reappear on the lock screen. And disappear only after clearing it.. Which is very annoying. Please fix it
Too many app updates. Literally one per day. Very irritating. Update once on 15 days or something. Fix the bugs in one go, not incrementally.
Must have app on anyone's phone. Wish there was an ambient display type setting. Otherwise one of the best lockscreen apps.
Thanks for making it free
*speechless*
Best app..This is one of the most stable apps..my only suggestion is that you should consider adding a security option
I wish the inactive hours feature was allowed for a full schedule so I could pick days of the week and times to have it disabled.
So good, one of the best Lockscreen ever. I would like some new animations though.
Its a great app but after i saw a notification and turn my screen of without unlock, when i turn screen on again it go straight to my home screen instead of my original lock screen
I love this app! However, I just updated to lollipop and now the lock screen doesn't work at all. That basically defeats the entire purpose of the app. :( Looks like the lock screen option was removed entirely in the last update.
I love this lockscreen. I'd even use this lockscreen over other paid lockscreen, etc. But I still think it'd be even better if the background can be chosen from gallery. Still, great lockscreen.
One recommendation. Quick settings.
Not working on my LG G2 with Lollipop....
Thank you!!!!
This used to be a great app until my last update. Now it crashes on my Galaxy S4. Doesn't give me the updates and notifications as it used to. So will be uninstalling as it doesn't work anymore
Good
Not working
After update I can't get the widget work it shows error. It kinda sucked.
After fixed the double notification issues, everything is working well on my lollipop AT&T Note 4. Awesome job!
See title
After Lollipop updates....alarm get suppressed so I had to stop using this app.
Minimalistic design and music controls with full screen album art. I wish the album art was more clear and less blurry. But still giving it five stars because it looks and feels great. My favourite lockscreen app and trust me, I've tried them all.
1 problem...show on ac display service ...my uper corner please fix it
This is the best I've seen. Its very customizable, and I've given h a cup of coffee as appreciation. Thanks! This is a must have app
I like what this lock screen does. Being able to see notifications but just pressing the icon. But my alarm doesn't go off when this is on so I can't use it. Also they should add a passcode unlock because it can be annoying having to go through two lock screens
After this update, it cannot show the notifications anymore. It's frustrating that you already used to check your messages/notifications when your phone vibrates through this app and you will see nothing but a lock screen only.
But keeps crashing on my lg g3 since the lollipop update
I enjoy this app, it is not intrusive, and it keeps me informed of just the notifications I want to hear from.
Doesn't work on my 4.2.2 android
App used to work but doesn't anymore. S4 with lollipop. Keep getting notified about app unexpectedly stopped
Best notification lockscreen ever,.. minimal and beautiful,.. u can dismiss on the lockscreen or open one click,..
Doesnt work at all on my g3 with the lollipop update. Not a clue why.
Needs security then it would be perfect
I love it. Exactly the home screen I've been looking for! The Samsung home screen pops up occasionally and I'd prefer if I didn't have a constant notification in my tray but otherwise its perfect! Good job! :)
Perfect
I have a lg g3 running lollipopand its a awesome substitute lock screen but the only issues i have is the music widget on the lockscreen keep freezing and the app sometimes crashes
Add music widget for 4.3 jelly bean please
One of my favorite apps on my Note 4. Loved this feture on Moto X but everything else was terrible, this feature on a Note 4 is a win
Great lock screen
Musixmatch music player isn't supported for the music controls here. Please add?
Truly has a great way in displaying notifications. Would be great if there was a security option too. PIN or pattern
It is a good app for notification with good interface..  Works smoothly for 4.4 nd above but hav a lot of bugs for jelly bean..Works in compatible mode..  Hope u fix it..
Needs an update
This is a great active display app, but it should cater to users who need it. I have a droid maxx which uses stock active display for notifications only. If I have a notification, I need AcDisplay to blink every five seconds, like a notification light. Secondly, can AcDisplay use the accelerometer as a way to activate it. Otherwise, great app and I will give it a five star once these features are made.
Hit box on notifications should be bigger.
My Note 3 Neo looks so cool. But the battery drain faster. Its okay, i would rate 5 stars if you include security passcode
Huge potential. However, only three star due to lack of security and because it runs in the foreground (notification is always present in drawer).
Hello, I used to use it full time on Kitkat but on 5.1, I have the following oddity: I will receive a notice, say an email or something, being in the computer, I won't touch the phone as I'll see the notification, and instead of falling back asleep, it unlocks to desktop after the timeout. It doesn't happen all the time, haven't figured out a pattern to it yet. I'm not using it as a lockscreen.
Could be a lot better with security features.
Could be a little more battery optimized. Also the widget stopped working.
The lock screen feature hangs and is unresponsive at times. I have to reboot to fix it. That feature is beta and is my favorite feature by far.
Don't change a thing, it's great!  The idea here, obviously, is for a quick look at incoming notifications.  If you set it up for a Pin pattern for security then it defeats the whole purpose.  Is there anyone left in this world with a brain?
After that it will be perfect
Crashes at unlock with active chromecast. Was hoping the latest bunch of bug fixes would take care of that as well, but unfortunately not. Other than that, great.
Is there a way to add a camera shortcut on it? Also does anyone know why the samsung lock screen still shows up from time to time when I wake it up? I imagine this is my fault but I'm not sure where to ultimately disable the samsung one when I've already activated AC as the primary lock screen. Anyway, I love it and want to keep it, but I'd give 5 stars for a camera shortcut. I apologize if I am just not seeing how to enable it or something but I did not notice an option for it.
But need to ajust the clock and cannot block the home button
Awesome
It's a great alternative to a notification light. And the active mode us pretty awesome too!
Very smooth and also battery friendly, just like a normal lock screen.
Please can u enable security features like password, pin etc.
Uninstall it.. crash on my htc one m8
This app is literally the best app for lockscreen notifications! No other app can beat this!
Best (y)
Just installed on a Galaxy S6. Although it does show time when I remove from pocket, it will not wake to show me notifications it has stored. I see them only when I wake the S6. Even though Active Mode is on the text underneath the on button switch is grayed out. I now get notified once, but not ongoing.
It's beautiful and I love how it respond my notifications smoothly. Unfortunately it's not good enough as the lockscreen can be exited with only a click of home button. (Galaxy Note 4) I won't reduce my stars because it's close to perfection but I hope the developer can fix it
Nice
I use AcDisplay since a long moment now, and it still awsome! Please make a update for pin lock and the app will be perfect
LOVE this app. Its elegant and simple. Just the way I want my lock screen.
I use it for all my devices and the dev updates very fast !
I'm not getting any notifications displayed after the v3.3.1 update.
Even if I am using Lollipop with already great notif. center - I can't live without AC. I am just dreaming about changing clock style. For example, it's annoying to have 02:26 in whole Android, and on lockscreen 2:26. Please, give us that possibility :)
Like any bottle, just gets better and better
Its not activate at my galaxy s5 lollipop
A new feature that should be added is a double tap to wake the screen
It lacks the option to block the physical home button on lock screen which is present in dynamic notification app...  And also add pin or pattern security...
Why do the lock/unlock sound go off when I lock my device? It's driving me crazy!!!
Everything about it is perfect apart from that it's really insecure and I'd appreciate the option of having a lock pin, pattern and password options which I know is possible but while having all notifications still visible, my standard lock screen conflicts so I end up swipping twice to unlock otherwise it's perfect, developer please add this feature
Where is security? Should include lock pattern, PIN, password or other security please.
This app is perfect but it lacks a camera shortcut. Hope that it'll be added soon.
How do I get it to work?
Amazing!
KitKat could come with this one pre-installed
Is it possible to add double tap wake? Thanks in advance..
Awesome app
Nice
best
I really like ac display and I've used it for about a year now but recently when ever I unlock it sometimes it freezes on the unlock animation and I would have to turn off my phone in order for it to disappear. If this is fixed then I'll give 5 stars.
It would be great if you could just use the proximity sensors to wake the screen much like the Moto app uses IR sensors when you wave over the phone. I got it working on a Nexus 5 before. On accident haha. So it shouldn't be too hard.
Where has the lockscreen option gone!?
Nice but needs option to change lockscreen wallpaper
Music lock screen not working
This app was awesome on KitKat, but little less awesome on Lollipop. Still the active mode is killer. However the latest update seems to have broken the 'wake up on notification' setting. ACDisplay keeps waking up (outside pocket) when a notification comes in, even if the option is unchecked and/or the app is put into silent mode. A fix would be nice.
One of the first apps I install on all my devices. Great app, very easy on the battery, and wonderful developer who keeps updating it for the better. Love the latest random colours unlock animations!
Does what it's supposed to do
Most BS app I ever had. One time it asks for all permission and in a fraction of second it stops working.
Worst App I never seen dis type of sticking app
App is fixed thanks to developer for fast fix
It needs more display
I really love this app, make my power bottom become useless, with dinamic view without drain batere.
not useful on note 4. now cant uninstall this app. what to do?
No other lock screen app has this problem. I emailed the developer several days ago and I haven't gotten any reply. Galaxy Grand Prime.
Recent update killed it
Still can't rid of this app!?!?
It's great. I love the way it looks but if it's a lockscreen, why does the home button bypass it? Once it's fixed it will be 5 stars
So smooth and well designed, one of my favourite little details is the bar under the time actually shows you how long until your screen turns off. Big props to the dev for this beautiful app.
Hope you add pin option or pattern. And also home button bypass the lockscreen
Please add an option to ignore notification listener/accessibility provider. I like using it as a lockscreen only.
Awesome lock screen it just needs to disable or use the home button for a function or something because it bypasses the lock screen, still cool.
I can't see any ripple effects in KitKat...otherwise its a nice lock screen..Why can't you just added pattern lock like lollipop style in this app...
Nice lockscreen:)
Awesome app
This is likely one of the best if not the best lockscreen and notification app. It's cleverly designed and functions 100% reliable for me. But  - why why why there is no direct display of the notification content, and instead an icon which needs to be touched to bring up the message content? Peter Kroll, Singapore
This NEEDS a camera shortcut.
Cooooooool
Muahhaa..  Will work together if destiny allows, man.
It was working fine with Kitkat but is now not working with Lolipop 5.1 :-(
The app is great but won't work on Lolipop. Updated my Note 4 and was upset to see my lock screen gone. Keep up the good work! Waiting for an update!
Great application, drains battery a bit though
needs to be better
Being required to have a 6 digit passcode since I have work email on my phone this app is my saving grace.  Can easily check notifications without having to enter my passcode ever time.  Love it.
It's Amazing how it looks like :) but only one thing, I'd like that you prevent making the home, back and the recent app' buttons unlock the lock, it'll be nice to fix it ^^
Seriously good. Really polished and well thought out. And pretty. But still needs percentage on media pages, please.
Beautiful
stopped working. Notifications no longer show on lock screen.
After uodate to lollipop my lock screen sometimes show my stock lockscreen and sometimes this one. I want it to stay permanent but its crazy
Nice
Love it
Good . but u can add theme for clock on lock screen ?
I wish there was a pattern lock feature and a camera shortcut for the lockscreen....that would be nice. :-)
This is one of the best lock screens I have used and the ability to have it work only when charging is great for my tablet.
Nice features.
Pleas add lock options
More than amazing!
Very buggy on the HTC m8. Notifications don't come through most of the time, app crashes frequently. Long delay when opening notifications.
Brilliant lock screen but the 'swipe down to exit full screen' option keeps appearing 5 or 6 times a day. Please fix :) other than that I love it
I use this along with another called gravity screen to make my s4 similar to a motox with active notifications. Works great!
After the new update, its crashing frequently..please fix this and also add a music widget for Android 4.2.2 and a custom app switch and also a different background for the lock screen...otherwise.. OUTSTANDING!
In general I am really enjoying AcDisplay.  It is attractively designed and works well for the most part.  My biggest complaint thus far is how it functions when using google maps/navigation, normally navigation is allowed to be displayed without going to the lockscreen, but now with AcDisplay, AcDisplay is displayed when I wake up my phone rather than the current navigation, this is a big issue when driving, I need to be able to get right back to the directions without dealing with the lock screen.  My second complaint is that the auto wake is hit and miss, since auto-waking my phone isn't the reason I enjoy this app (notification handling), I would like an option to turn off the auto wake.  My last complaint is that I often get the tutorial pop-up telling me about exiting full screen, not a big deal but it does get annoying.  Overall great work and great app, if I see some or all of these complaints addressed I will definitely be donating.
Thanks for solving the problem related to autostart up.. 1+ star for that feature..
This app will not let you uninstall once you put it on your phone do not put it on your phone!
Ram killer
I really like this app but please add security features like pin or pattern.  Also please add the ability to see an alarm on the lock screen when one is set. Thanks.
Its a great app. I love it. Please fix active notifications. Yes when I take it out of my pocket it works 7 of 10 times. It would only be useful when I pick it up from the table to check for any notification or time. Or when I am in a meeting and with a minimal movement I want to check what is going on. I was a moto x user and I loved it on the moto it needed no effort to use active notifications. I am not able to use this effortlessly. Please fix active notifications.
This is the best lock screen replacement I've used. It's simple, it's beautiful,  and it has music controls which is a big plus for me! But please integrate security password/pattern in the near future. Then it would be the lock screen to rule all lock screens 
When I swipe to delete email from the lock screen it reappears
Great app but stopped working for me after updating to Lollipop. App is turned on but won't operate as the lock screen. UPDATE -  got it working again. Back up to 5 stars.
I love this lock screen but after AT&T released the Android 5.0 update for HTC One M8, AcDisplay no longer appears. Please fix.
The only bad thing is when i press the home button it goes out and close
Since my Verizon note 4 updated to lollipop AC display will not active even after I turn it on and off and back on.   Please address..... Working about 10% of the time
works great, would be better if the active mode works like gravity screen.
Used it for a year with no prob. After last update got unstable and crashes all the time. The bad news is that i cant uninstall it.
Good app
Look so beautiful
Something about managing timeout policies after new update?
I like it. But needs to allow costom backgrounds. And it also can be extremely buggy and laggy.
Please let us cutomize date and time. More customizations will make this an even better app. I love it so much though.
When i press the home button twice the it opens
I guess it's okay,  great design and all,  but the locker isn exactly a locker,  in the sense that it dusn have password lock,  and the lockscreen jus opens when the home button is pressed.  Atleast preventing the locker from opening would have been enuf,  and i would rate it a 5star
I want to get a notification afterwards touching the screen even though  it is locked update that .. it will be useful for all. If u update that ...all will be happy and will give 5 stars
The app is good overall but not what im looking for.  Now i need to delete and dont know how to deactivate it first :/
I think one thing is missing from this best lockscreen is its privacy. Please add a password to unlock the lockscreen...
Thank u so much ...it was not compatible in jellybean but now you have brought in ...very happy
An excellent lock screen, which is even better for devices with S-AMOLED displays... Just couldn't figure out why the app asks the Xposed framework, even though it is working well without it... Xposed doesn't support Lollipop as of now, so... Also, 3 Stars because enabling both options in Dynamic Background and playing music crashes the app... Please fix this.
It is stable and the design is gorgeous. Going for 4.4 and below. Loved it!
Off times, with google play, this app crashes
Active display doesn't always work on my nexus 6. It works when I take it out of my pocket but not when I pick it up; also, I have root and hate the notification that persists in the notification bar. Great work, my favorite lockscreen. Thank you
Doesnt work very well with security like a pin or pattern wish it could have the colors in background when unlocking security but otherwise great
Location unlock doesn't work. Uninstalled!!!
Thanks for bringing this functionality to Android. It makes using an android phone that much more bearable when switching over from my Blackberry phones.
Good job
I really like AcDisplay, but it's not quite what I was looking for.  It has a pseudo lock screen function that works okay, but I really need a full blow lock replacement with PIN/Pattern locking options.  AcDisplay way of providing notification would make a lockscreen awesome.  I hope the developer will make this happen soon.  Unfortunately, until this happens, I'm going to have to uninstall it.  Too many accidental pocket taps.
Awesome app You made my phone Amazing.
How to disable the notification shown in the status bar
Cool, but needs a security implementation.
It's a good app... But now the screen keeps on waking up and repeating the notification even after it timed out
I would like to use my finger print with this app
Thank you for bug fixes
Needs better function for lift to wake.
Consumes battery soo much
I love this app,  but I would love to see it have its own wallpaper on the lockscreen.  Other than that,  it's amazing.
Simple yet perfect
Not as smooth as stock lock screen, fiddly.        Uninstalled after a bit of struggle...
I hate using my default lockscreen, but one thing preventing me from replacing it completely with Acdisplay is the lack of a security option. Perhaps a pin, pattern and password lock? :)
This used to be a great app, and I am sure it will be again, but the latest update is very buggy. Sometimes upon waking the screen ACDisplay fails to start despite being set to work as the lock screen, leaving me on my home screen. Also if I have music playing 9 times out of 10 the music controls fail to display on ACDisplay, instead causing the clock and notification info to disappear, leaving only a blank screen. As it is now I simply cannot recommend it.
Awesome
Finally I found perfect glance app. Thanks
the text is way sharper, the animation way smoother, and the dark area of the screen is actually completely dark now w the timestamp on top.  Super elegant, keep it up.
I don't think the Xposed module is working
Use it on my Nvidia Shield Tablet and would be great if it also worked in landscape mode. May you include it such an auto orientation option in your next update perhaps ?? :)
System lock screen often shows while unlocking.There is a time lag in opening the app while unlocking.
,    ,     ?    ?           + 46    .      
New update restored faith. Music working again, no lag, new features. Psyched. Don't mess it up again, lol. Well done.
Clean & perfect.
Could be the best if you can put a security or pin code for security purposes just like the ios maybe. Second if this app can have its own wallpaper rather than getting the wallpaper of the the home screen. Thank you developers!
The app works fine and lock screen has swipe to unlock option only available, more protection such as pattern or pin methods to unlock
The interface is so Intuitive, I love it. Couldn't be any better
there's still a few bugs and it crashes sometimes, but overall very nice
Best Lock screen on the market by far
Now on Lollipop, it doesn't appear this works with Trusted Devices. Otherwise, this is great!
Amazing app...whenever you get a notification, you can simple get a quick glance at the notification. Also, with the new locksreen mode and active mode, this app becomes even more convenient.  Costom colors for unlock too. I'm currently using my schools colorsnd I looks beautiful.  Very material design friendly.  Guess what...its also free, so yea. Keep it up devs.
Best replacement lock screen
The best active display app ever. With this recent update it just got even better. Amazing job guys keep it up! :)
Amazing!!!!
Simply gorgeous
The lock screen feature doesn't have an option to set a password.. Such an option would be nice.
Looks so elegant and classy, it's by far my favorite lockscreen/notification app. I'm glad the font was finally changed in the default clock. Interested to see the next updated version.
Receiveing calls will lead to a black screen after a few seconds if calls doesn't get picked up within the first few seconds. Phone keeps on ringing but display nothing, that beats the purpose and the name of the app!  New updates changes the pure black screen to an ugly dark grey just before logging into the phone, wasn't like  this before, it's very ugly now!  Wish i could go back to the last version especially when there aren't any improvement on the latest update!! Just a mess...otherwise flawless!
I simply love this app. I'm using it everyday. It doesn't affect my Note 4 battery life at all. I wish the developer could include more options. Knowing what WhatsApp contact is texting you would be great (dunno if possible).
The best lockscreen!!
Amazing app!
I loved
I like that it covers the stock ugly lock screen if you had a password or pattern on. Its much nearer and nicer now. Xperia Z3 4.4.4.
I just updated my galaxy note 3 (AT&T) to lollipop 5.0 and now it won't work and I can't uninstall
It finally took over my Note 3 lock screen,  it does wake up randomly at times but it is in beta so 5 starts still!
Simply awesome.
This app does what it says and has always worked flawlessly for me! Loving it on my OnePlus One running CM12.1
I am flattered.. Such a convenience right on the screen. Loved it. A glitch seen.. Colors tab is inactive .! 
Looks really great..best of its kind
Wow
I really like the new interface and color for circle and background. Great job.
After the recent update, this is simply the best active display app. Slight learning curve to set up with more tweak-able setttings.
I'm extremely picky about my lock screens. I need one that can give me access to my content without overtly sacrificing security. I switched from start because AcDisplay doesn't have the abysmal bloat that's present in the former. There's no fussing about with AcDisplay, the only extra shine it has is active mode, which is actually useful. All the information I need is front and center and is presented in a simple and clean way.
Even shows media player controls and info over a dynamic background of the album art being played. Only thing you could still want is to use a custom wallpaper instead of your home screen wallpaper.
Would like to be able to see message content on lockscreen other than just the icon. Otherwise,sweet as heckle! To brean, you must turn off your device's lock screen settings. Put it on none
Very easy to use and nice made
Love this app, and used it for a while, but the 3.x.x version sometimes unlocks my device entirely. It doesn't display my lock screen or ACDisplay, but sometimes (not airways) goes directly to the launcher when a new notification shows up. This doesn't happen on the old 2.x.x versions. Reverting to 2.x.x for now. Running Android 5.0.1, Sense 6. :-)
Im confused, how exactly do I make this my Lock screen? as of right now, my regular lock screen comes up, then after unlock that, this unlock screen comes up.. any help would be greatly appreciated.
I'm updating my phone's UI and I had a hard time finding a functional but attractive lock screen. What this app lacks in customization it more than makes up for in pure and simple beauty. I'm giving it 5 stars, but I wish there was an option to specify a custom wallpaper for the lockscreen.. and maybe the option to add a couple app shortcuts as well. But for what it does, it's about as close to perfection as any app I have found.
everything works great but I'd love to see a shake to unlock feature
This app is wonderful and there is only one thing I wish to see that would make this five stars. I would love the option of having different home screen and lock screen wallpaper's. So if we had the choice of picking our own that'd be great
It would be so great to add security option when unlocking using this as locker but I understand that's not easy. This app it's 100% recommended well done is so nice, everything is perfect many points in favor just wow the only thing is that needs custom background and the security is very important,  would love to see it in a future. EDIT: now it always bothers me when I turn on screen saying that I can swipe down to exit full-screen etc etc
Best ever minimal,simple,works flawlessly, but can u please add the option to change the lockscreen wallpaper, dat will b great.. Thank you.. :)
Looks great, works great!! Simple and elegant..
Awesome app
()*:
Mmm it doesn't work anymore on Android 5.0.2 help!!
If u wanta moto x active display
Love it
Deservs moree popularity....  Best locker ever used till date
Unfortunately pressing the home button on Samsung devices bypasses the lock screen if this was fixed and next alarm info on lockscreen added this would be perfect.
Please remove icon in notification panel.
Charge s becoming low, when use this app
Maybe some security...
Very nice app. It's a lot cooler than the stock lockscreen.
When I was running HTC M7 with KitKat. Ever since upgrading to Lollipop it gets stuck in a weird flashing loop on some notifications. Real shame as its a great feature to be able to glance at notifications in a similar manner to that found on the Moro X. Hopefully it gets fixed in an update, but have disabled for now.
...ever since my update from kitkat to lollipop, I haven't been able to use music controls for spotify, for example. They just don't appear on AcDisplay anymore.
Thank you younger brother Ahmed love you
You can add shortcuts like phone and camera making this lock screen flawless... Btw great job....!!   Can u pls add pattern lock to it would be great...!
Very good app and feels like moto x but it not same like.   when you pick up phone it glow up but you have to press the power button but over all it is very good. liked it :) :) :)
Works great however, how many times do I have to okay the notification that swiping down pulls it our of full screen mode.  Annoying as hell.  Fix it.  And could us some help with the GUI. More user friendly? I'll add stars when it's all addressed.  Otherwise great alternative to active screen.
Can u plz add a clear all notification button
Loved it
Great notification-handler, but the best part is that it knows when you need to use your phone and turns the screen on automatically.
How to remove
Thumbs up definitly.
My girlfriend has version 3.2.2. I, do not. I have 2.7. Why can't I update mine??
It is a wonderful app, but I would like to unlock implemented a pattern or pin.
Please put a music visualizer....
working about 50% of the time.
I find I don't need it but can't delete it.  Otherwise if when I used it it worked great.
I think this is a really good app and is really useful
Aside from the "Full screen" problem, it's skipable nature and battery problems (XPERIA M2) It's an absolute perfection
Better if you add a camera shortcut
I've been using it for over 6 months and though it might glitch a little, it's not enough to kill my love for it's simplicity and convenience.
After I stopped using my Droid Turbo, Active Display was sorely missed. That is, until I found this great app!
I love this app but its crashing after last update...
Works flawlessly, I love pulling out my phone and it just turns on for as long as you want- I set it on 3 seconds. Great Job man!
The version on Google Play is really old. Get the latest version with material design on F-Droid, the open source market. :)
Switched from moto x to z3 compact and this AC display has more features than moto! Looks clean and works well
Great lockscdeen but needs some stuff like a security option I wanna use it with a pass code when I'm going out but there's no. Option but turning it off and using my stock one
Please add the ability to customize background to be anything you want it to be. Right now the option is black or mimic home screen... Thank you
I was never a big fan of 3rd party lockscreens because they never worked as well as the default one, slower and more janky. But this one definitely does all right, extremely convenient to access notifications paired with some super handy small features like the screen timeout and double tap to sleep. It also looks nice and doesn't drain any extra battery. Fantastic
Developer does a great job of constantly updating it to make it better
Super simple and easy to use. Only complaint is the persistent notification tray icon
Great app, but it seems to be much slower than other options. Also I would want a way to have a password for your lock screen.
Even better than lollipop. simple, elegant, stylish & very good indeed. Nice work Dev.
The best lockscreen ever. Period
Still broken on galaxy s 5.
Sucks
Modified my review to 5 stars because the error I had was fixed!
Last update killed it...always crashed and hangs...too bad it was awesome.
Awesome is d word.. but cant use d double tap wake up on my note 3... need help
Its just an awesome aap, u dnt have to press ur power button constantly..
I would rate this a full five stars if it had some security built in, otherwise a great , clean app
Great app
One issue. Lockscreen does not display music
it would be nice to have a pocket mode so the phone will lock when the proximity sensor triggers... awesome app either way
Shitty app doesnt uninstall in my note 3 and note 2 . Fix it .
The random color option for the circle just oscillates between like 5 colors
This is my main lockscreen as of the moment. I'd like an addition of unlock to camera and unlock to phone features and maybe an option to blur background
Good but the lock screen never sleep when phone is charging or when a notification come.......
Good
Works gr8 for jellybeen
But why am I getting double notification icons for Textra
Amazing port of Motorola's active display functionality, works flawlessly would be nice to be able to disable notification content so that people couldn't see the contents of texts/notifications without unlocking the phone
Needs app shortcuts and voice/motion unlock.
Can't deactivate and uninstall
It's a cool app but I don't want it and it's not letting me Uninstall it off my phone. Please help me take it off. Thank you
I've been using it for a couples months and now it's like I cannot use my phone without it.
Toggle persistent notification off and don't allow ringer to change
Good day! You made such an awesome application and, i have an advice to you. Just add the Security to this lockscreen and, you are the best. The security can include Patern or Pin Code. Nice application man, reaaaaaally nice :) . Peace :)
Do exacly what is says..
I love this app! But every timture I get a notification, even when I turn wake screen on notification off, the every time I get a notification, the screen turns on every time the notification light flashes. Please fix and will be five stars!
Perfect locker.. If themes were added.. It would be amazing
But not really devs fault.
Incredible app will change to 5 stars if they add a pin/pattern lock
Testing this out because i'm thinking about moving away from my Moto X and i can't live w/o active notifications.  App does a great job, however, a couple of small wishlists requests!  *Is it possible to have acDisplay "breathe" when idle on desk?  Meaning if it's just sitting on the desk and the notification has faded out, having it fade back in periodically?  *Active Mode: Moto X responds to nudges and "breathes" when nudged.  acDisplay only breathes when you take out of pocket or flip the phone over from being face down.  Is it possible to have it breathe when nudged?  If you can get these features down, i can move to any phone i want, amazing app, great job!
I would love to give it a 5 star but I just hate the thing when the whole screen just turns white for a second or so while unlocking the phone. It was a great downfall for me
Piece of crap. Can't Uninstall.
Does not work in my kitkat
Even the setting is not full screen, sometimes I get notification/instructions for full-screen mode from Xperia OS (KITKAT). It was disturbed. Make the interface glitches. And please give additional settings for wake up screen time response in active mode. I need quick response from the screen before decide to press my lock screen button, because sometimes active mode doesn't work.
I really like your app and its modern design. However, since I'm using it as locker alternative, I'd like to see the possibility to set a certain area for unlocking instead of just swiping anywhere on the screen. Keep up the good work!
Error 944?
I don't like how when you hit power to lock the device it makes the sound multiple times.  Small gripe, I know, but it drives me nutts.   I also don't like how if the device is sitting on my desk, and I pick it up, it doesn't come on to show the time.  Tapping on it should do this as well.     But the app does show some promise.  So I donated a buck.    And once it has the features I mentioned, I will donate more.
Good so far
Works well, love the app
I had to factory reset my phone, now I can't download it error (944)
Good potential but need my dedicated camera launch icon back on my lockscreen!
Latest update has killed the Active Mode and it no longer lights up with motion.
"needed to manage the screen timeout policy" what the heck do I do? My AC display doesn't work anymore
Simplicity at its best...it was on on my phone now I believe it can make my tablet look more elegant..so thanks
Please fix issue
What the hell is this 'Just dismiss this notification' crap every day. It wasn't there before, so why now? I loved the non-intrusive style this app had before, but now it's in your face all the time. Still 5 stars because it's the best most beautiful screen-off notifier!
Freaking aap
There is now a big where I cannot unlock my phone please fix this app.  It happens once in a while
Active mode still not working for xperia z1. Why not create a "double tap to sleep" function too
Everything about it is perfect except the notification in my pull bar never going away that says "AcDisplay Services Active Mode, Lockscreen". Thanks but I already know it's running. I am the one who kinda turned it on. Fix that and it'll be way better.. Also it needs its on PIN settings
Simple and effective
Awesome!
Gr8...........
Totally loved it 5's  all the way.
... everything was fine in Kit Kat. In Lollipop (LG G3) the built-in alarm/timer fails to sound, only leaves a notification and directly snoozed. While 3rd party alarm/timer couldn't bypass AcDisplay but merely sounding in the background. Meaning I have to switch on the display, swipe to unlock before I can dismiss them. And also in Lollipop it displays multiple notifications from different Whatsapp conversations plus an additional main one. In Kit Kat it used to show only a main notification. Please fix.
Pocket sensor not working with zenfone5.. ;(
Goooo9
I love all about this app
amazing, and the auto turn on feature works very well and is very handy. really, I could not live without this app
It works great, wish u could use it in landscape for tablets but yes, it works great, looks great. Thank you Dev.
Won't uninstall
The app has just become perfect after the last update. Keep up the good work.
Simple, elegant and best in its category. A must have notification app. But sometimes it fails to lock screen.  That's very rare bug though
This would have to be best lockscreen notification app. I hope it continues on getting better.
Lacks a security option. You'll still need to enable systems lock screen for security pattern.
what the hell you're doing, 10 updates a row, and twice per day. are we guinea pigs or what? Do you test before push on store!!?
Can you please put an option for it to have an independent wallpaper and not the homescreen wallpaper
I hope sometime in the future there will be implementation of other shortcuts like camera or phone contacts besides unlocking
This is by far one of the best (if not the best) lockscreen apps out there! Keep up with the good job!
Here's hoping for future implementation of password/pattern lock functionality
Overall great app, but when I swipe to wake the device and get to my lock screen, it briefly shows the capacitive button, but it then disappears. Its slightly irritating, so minus a star. Besides that, its a seriously great app.
Loved it!
AcDisplay is my fav lockscreen, but please if you can add security features like unlocking with pattern or pin , it would be perfect and will give it 5 stars !
Everything is great except for the fact that ,sometimes after unlocking the device (AcDisplay is set as my lock screen)the screen automatically turns off.And a feature for setting a separate background for this app would be great. Thank you :)
It crashes
Updates suck, where can I find the older apks?
It does what it is intended and is amazing at that, however sometimes notifications will freeze in the notification bar preview, preventing me from seeing the clock/signal/battery, as well as seeing notifications as well
This screen lock is exactly what I have been looking for...simplicity. I just can't have my phone unlocking in my pocket all the time from accidentally pressing the home button. Otherwise I would use and reccomend this app to all of my customers!
I gave 3 star cause there's no password lock. It'd be perfect if it was.
Suggestion#1: -hide AcDisplay services in Android dropdown menu (no such checkbox in AcDisplay options)  Suggestion#2: -When you selected application from AciDisplay and going to Home page it would be great to lock the phone with AciDisplay again. If there is such possibility
Good job done but I have a few suggestions: 1. Weather should be displayed. 2. There should be a pin lock. 3. It shouldn't be unlocked with the home button.
It says that application must be deactiavted at device administrator.   However I dont have that on my setting.
There's no option for a passcode. I hate the stock android one but if I want to put a passcode on my phone I have to use that one, which looks ugly and doesn't fit with AC Display's minimalistic theme at all. Also the "swipe to exit fullscreen" message appear frequently on the AC Display screen, it's quite aggravating.
A smart notification panel only appears when u need it and it's working when u flip the phone or taking out of your pocket.
Cool
The active mode won't work so please fix that one mistake because other than that the app is excellent
It will not uninstall from my phone
I like the app's features, but Android Lollipop has made the application less useful. There are also some bugs with turning on the notification and default screens. I blocked notifications from the app to stop the always on active mode notification, but that blocks the test notifications too.
Super clean and easy to work with..love it. By the new update has slowed down the unlocking time
Display won't wake up while incoming call.
Best Lock screen till now
But my phone tends to run hot, then the touch screen doesn't work. Also short battery life.  Can you fix it!
kindly add pin/lockscreen lock security for the lockscreen
App is top notch, except for the fact that you can't actually lock your phone without having the standard lock screen still active. Also if you  guys could add where you don't have to use the same background as the home screen that would be awesome
Just love it!
Dynamic background not work ..lollipop...moto g...custom rom ...xposed modual....
I like the transitions and the notification layout, but i would love it to have the feature where you can skip, pause, and play music from the lock screen
Very nice lock screen, love it. But please add a 4 numbers pin after the swype, until then 4 stars.
Nice lock screen, short cut to camera would be good
I think this app is amazing, beyond expectations. The only issue I have, honestly is the security of the application. There is no screen lock, so anybody can access my information. Adding this feature would seal the deal for me.
Love this app and use it as my default lockscreen too. Only down side is, the music controls on the lockscreen only work now and then. Twice to be exact. On a side note, would be awesome to have the feature of the jellybean style lock with a customisable ring. 
I've always got problem when putting my phone in my pocket. The phone accidentally turn on cuz by d double tap to wake feature. Now it's not working no matter how often it's tapped in d pocket. And last,it's sooooo simple! Love it
Works good but for some reason my text message notifications won't show through the app when I have the messaging notifications turned on
I'm addict with keep downloading apps because of not satisfied.But,this is the best!!! Well done
Just downloaded it and have been using it for about 20 mins now and I really like it. it's really nice on my Note 4.
Won't work with my note 4
Absolutely great. I love being able to quickly look at my notifications with a minimal design. Especially love how my phone will automatically wake when I take it out of my pocket or pick it up off a table. Download this and try it out!
As in ac display deprecated version we need icons with circles and that will be awesome ..
Please add a protection feature..... Plz plz plz...
Best Lock Screen i'm Ever seen :* But i have bug kill me :( Every time i restart phone..I must active it "AGIAN"  -_-
Guys this is an amazing app, almost perfect even, but I need more security PLEASE, pin code option, pattern, whatever but security please. Great app, Amazing. 5* for the security option please.
Its very good and inspiring... Keep it going.. I really like this beta...
Love the app .
CLEAR ALL notification option on lock screen will make life simpler. 
This would be the perfect lockscreen if pressing the home button wouldn't unlock the phone, and we could add a pattern or a pin lock.
It's the best module that I have ever used on CM11 R23.
The one thing I miss from my old lock screen.
Very clean and simple. Maybe add a locking feature in which you must swipe from a specific spot to unlock?
i hope this AcDisplay have a patern/pin lock screen for access the phone
Best app ever
I seem to have a problem with the app. Ever since the update music player screen doesnt show up when playing a music. Even if I deactivate/active admin and check/uncheck accessibility with the app it still wouldnt show up. Please I need help
Awesome
I love everything about this lockscreen, but please implement an option to ignore home button pressing!
Cool
Saves me a lot of time
It's not allowing me to do it from settings nor from the play store how do I deleted
,   ,    ,          ,   
Ever since I got my HTC one I had been looking into sleeker lock screens to match my needs of both efficiency and style. I downloaded AC display about 4 weeks ago and haven't looked back since. It has an easy to use interface that makes it very convenient to stay on top of things without having to deal with those intrusive post-lollipop notifications. On top of that, it looks clean and cool. My only critique would be the lack of custom lock screen image, hopefully that will come soon. Must download app tho!
I would like quick unlock to apps like the camera and an unlock screen but this app is near perfect
Alows me to access music
I'm running lollipop on galaxy s4 (TouchWiz) and everything works great except for the media controls.
Minimal, beautiful, perfect.
Hiw do I deactivate it?
Cant uninstall it..rubbish
Makes. My oneplus more specific and more special!
It works on my note3.. great app!!
HTC One (m7) after updating to lollipop I am seeing double notifications for textra and other minor bugs
At the first many thanks for that app it's so great, but why it dosen't support any of lockscreen app in the store like Snaplock or Zui locker, Please Can you suport this Apps, Thank you.
Using xiaomi redmi note
Can be better with more themes and customisation
A lock kinda system would be really nice, so say you're leaving your phone somewhere you can turn on some kind of password or pattern lock and when you have your phone back you can turn it off (also, is there some kinda beta)
Love the way notifications are dynamic. When you swipe down the notifications from lockscreen it still stays in the tray, which is good for some. All said, I've been using this app for about a week and it's a battery drainer even during the stand by mode, with the internet turned off, of course. Major issue- needs some optimizations.
How to uninstall this app?
We cannot have a password to unlock. I would like to have that feature in the next update
This app is amazing and I like the simplicity. Only problem is there is an unremovable notification that annoys me. If i was able to remove the notification, the app would get 5 stars
It was working perfectly earlier but I accidentally switched user to guest from my settings since then default locker is showing up every time I unclock Ac display.. Plz help and I will give it 5 stars.
Really nice simple lock screen, a real bonus being able to view your notifications on the lock screen, but not being obvious to anyone else
How to change my lock screen wallpaper? Please add feature for security
Simply fantastic.
Since the latest update, If I hold down on one of the notifications to view the preview, and then I release it, the preview of the notification will remain even though I'm not holding it down
I cannot uninstall.
Need security locker
This is a great lockscreen but please add password lock.
It drives me batty that the icons of the notifications from the same application does not consolidate, or override. For example: If I receive a notification from my email client, I get an icon with a number 1 to indicate one unread message. If at some point I receive a second email, I then get a second icon on the lock screen, with the number 2 in it - the original is still there. Also, after 3 rows of icons (typically due to the problem mentioned above), I'm not able to dismiss any of them, and must reboot
Looks nice...
The lockscreen's bypassable by home button... But I don't really care, because I don't usually have a lock screen anyway. Oh, please add the option to activate auto brightness while on lock screen, and disable it after you unlocked your phone
I like this launcher really smooth but would like to see password
Way better than stock lockscreen, on any phone.
App keeps the screen on even after updating and re-granting permission to the app!
Works well but doesn't turn-on when I shake the phone. Moto G XT1033 5.0.2 lollipop
It always flicrs on my moto g 2 plz fix
Battery sucker
very good aap works really smooth
Never comes on my lock screen... No use at all.... Disgraced
There are many icons of whatsapp created for every message. Not at all easy to clear them. Please include clear all button. Apart from that it's the best...
Doesn't provide passwords.
Stunning
This is the best lockscreen notifications app I have used so far. A clean interface with a poetic touch. I would have given it 5 stars if not for a small flaw - if there are multiple rows of notifications, I cannot swipe away a notification on the row above without touching one below. This forces me to always dismiss the notification on the lower row first. Hope this flaw will be fixed soon!
i wish Textra would do the full screen thing as well like when you get norifications on instagram and you hold the app and the picture would show up on the entire screen?
Maste app hai..
I love the simplicity and the way it handles the notifications. So far the only thing I'd like to point out is the ability of the Home button to bypass the lock screen. Please look into this. Nevertheless, a must have.
Would give it 5 stars but after lollipop update I can no longer control apps like spotify from the lock screen. I used to be able to change songs without having to key in security patter. But this active display app is by far the best out of all the other on the play store. I LOVE how you manage all notifications without your finger leaving the screen. Very contemporary feel and visually stunning! Keep improving this app it's worth it!
Best lockscreen replacement, very nice notification implementation on lockscreen
I love love love my new lock screen. The only problem I have is that you can bypass the AcDisplay lock screen by pressing the home button.
Either use all official google apps or just switch to Apple devs like this make android garbage...
Its very nice app but use lots of battery and ram...so plz...try to solve this problem...otherwise its very usefull app.
NIce app. However, it CONFLICT with flash blink, Hopefully you can fix it!
would like to have a security option like a pattern or a pin..but otherwise i love the app.works fine for me :)
Its a great app....clean,usefull and awesome...just a suggestion,adding pattern lock would be nice :)
The lock screen is great but Google play music had stopped showing up on it and so had the album art (Lollipop 5.0.2)
How do you uninstall it tried  to be it doesn't let me please help this app doesn't work for my phone
Perfect lock screen with notifications, only thing that would make it 5 stars is if you could choose your own background (different from home screen background)
Love this app, it really cleans up the lockscreen and makes it easy to read and dismiss notifications. But it lacks the ability to have lock screen shortcuts. My only real concern is that it hasn't been updated in a long while (as per the change log)....has the developer abandoned the app?
Why don't add pin or pattern features? Five star for that 
After the update, I am now getting double the notifications meaning after receiving a text (Textra), I'm getting two icons with the same message. The same is with WhatsApp. However, Snapchat, Instagram and email apps seem to work fine. I'd really appreciate if you could fix this soon as I really like using this app. Thanks!
The app used to work flawlessly on kitkat but after upgrading to lollipop, I've started facing issues like the screen flickering when a notification arrives, and the phone hangs every now and then. Also the app lacks a native screen lock mechanism and the active mode is not sensitive enough. Requires a huge improvement to work without bugs on lollipop.
No notifications after the latest update. Very disappointing as I really love this app. Very disappointing.
Amazing concept
Best lockscreen.. no need fr opening apps to check notifications anymore.. one advice, use only if ur fone has an amoled display other this app is a power hog..
Im annoyed with this app. I tried it but I never liked it. When I tried to uninstall it, I cant. It said that its an administrator app. Developer please help..
This is the only thing keeping me from giving this app 5 stars
Minimal.  Which I like.  But ! Could you bring back the circle notification icons? :) can't seem to find it anywhere in v3
Adding an optional weather information would be great
I'm loving the new actualization, is just  beautiful, keep this way, congratulations! ... Installed on my rooted Samsung skyrocket and it works perfect
After upgrading to Android Lollipop version, AC display not working. Keeps asking for Required Permissions-Device Admin. I keep activating it but it refuses to work. Please fix this.
Can you allow turning on the lock screen without that permission that the manufacturer removed? I agree that AcDisplay will overlay alarm i dont care but i wanna use it as a lock screen.
It won't let me uninstall it, says it's a device administrator
why can't I uninstall this app. Please help
I'vr noticed that my battery life has been poor when i enabled this
... the latest update foes an annoying thing. When I swipe to unlock my phone, it then shows my lock screen, meaning that I have to swipe twice to unlock my phone, which is kind of annoying.
Good but.. How to remove the notification showing acdispay services is on from the notification area.. ?  Its always there and so annoying
Please add the support for custom lockscreen background. Otherwise the app is awesome.
Thabks
Loved it!
Just one thing thats stopping me from giving 5 star is that when ac display is on if i press the home key it takes me to home screen ......guys thats why it doesnt feel like lockscreen
They should add a lock. But the lock screen it self is awesome
Seems like a decent app but hard to uninstall.
Works much better when not on full screen. This is due to Android, not the app.
Just loved this app... great workk keep it up...
Great work.. Work perfectly fine for me.. Keep up the good work guys.. 
It's alright but the active mode could do with a bit of work
Is there any option to dismiss all notifications from lockscreen? Removing them individually is a pain if you have plenty of notifications.
Nice
Love the new look- especially with material design. However , active mode doesn't seem to work. I see the proximity sensor is active but it doesn't turn the screen on.
Plzz fix it as it cause huge
Please improve the Facebook notification icon in the lock screen
I used to love ac display, however this latest update has killed it for me, I can no longer see notifications and the timer bar has gone, both the things I love most about this app, if someone could let me know how to get this back I would be greatful as it really is an incredible lock screen, however with no notifications showing up (on note 4, 4.4.4) it's pretty useless and I'm gonna go back to L Lockscreen until this gets fixed
It's so classy and elegant. If we can have security options like PIN etc. for unlocking it would be awesome...
If you dont like your lock screen this is a must try! I have looked for a great lock screen on my Note 2 becauae I do not like the default one. I just found my favorite lock screen and suggest anybody trying it.
How tf do I take this off
A must have app on every Android device and if you have an AMOLED display on your phone it will work like magic.
After new update, it have problem on my HTC one m7 seems that wake up notification does not function and no notification appear in the lock screen
When the active mode is enabled, it takes about 10 seconds or a bit more after the screen is locked for the app to respond to the shakes....  Is it possible to reduce or stop that delay time, preferrably by the next update if possible....??  Thank you for such a great app!!
The best lockscreen app
When I play music the lock screen music control doesn't come up. I use Spotify as my primary music player and I have an lg g3. Also one other person with an lg g3 had a similar problem when it comes to text notifications. I get duplicate notifications for a text. I reset my device to try to clear this but it didn't work. Please resolve this or if there's solutions to these problems. Thanks.
I have everything enabled and all settings seem to be set up correctly . I have AC Display as Admin , has notification access , even comes up in my notification bar that Active mode is on , but it never works . Everything else about it I love . I am running Android Lolipop 5.0 . Someone help ?
The app with its very own pattern lock would be really nice.
does it use memory i have weak phone
using this app since last year, in 2.x versions, ram consumption was 18-20MB. now it has increased to 65MB on an average.
A shortcut to the camera/phone would be nice along with the ability to add a custom text to the home screen. I know you've talked about security already but I still think a pin/pattern should be added. Even if it doesn't truly lock your phone will still keep most people from trying to enter.
Its perfect, but if could you add something like a pin or pattern, it would be far beyond that
I like the app however the shake to wake up feature is really bad.  The feature needs to be a lot more sensitive to shakes. If there is a feature it better work.  If that gets fixed I will revert back to 5 stars
Works perfectly fine, note edge
How do i deactivate??
Still works on my z1 after the update the lockscreen is there but no notifications come up on the lockscreen
The app now uses only the default font and not my custom font. The clock is now on top by default when playing music. Please add an option to edit these settings. Otherwise its perfect.
Updates are good!!me happy...
Great! Loving it. Please add colour code input for interface colours, would love to be able to match colours exactly.
The best and the simplest!!!
Only works when app is set to lock screen. Update: Fixed! 5 stars
But wallpapers and locks would be great!
This is the best third party lockscreen app I've ever used. Just simple and useful, I can access my notifications easily, and I can use any wallpaper for it and don't have to worry about if it will affect the notification text.
It's amazing how it knows when I put the phone in my pocket and when I put it out. No bugs at all. It runs smooth and nice. This is a must have app. But I wish there was music control and pass code. But other than that. It's perfect!
Please change the font style it looks worst now
Why can't I use it as a lockscreen anymore it won't let me set it as my lockscreen something about you removed this permission..?? I really like this app I love the feel and look of it makes my s5 look great, crisp but Im bummed out you took this off please put back
IT'S CRASHING NOW FREQUENTLY. NOTIFICATIONS ARE NOT WORKING EITHER.
Innovative
Fantastic lock screen! But I have one question. Is there a way to remove the constant notification? Even with its worth it, but I prefer to not have it if it's possible as of now.
Only problem I get is sometimes the normal Z3 is the lock screen instead of this application and it sometimes flashes grey before going to my custom screen saver. All in all though a very nice application!
How can I remove this app #update thanks for your reply
Used to work flawlessly on OnePlus One. But after the latest OPO update, it tend to freeze my lockscreen and i have to reboot. I don't have this problem if ACDisplay is inactive.  Really appreciate if could fix this as i love the app
Can be made better by hiding sensitive message content but still showing the main title of the content. For example, Hangouts message from xy
Clean and simple! Great work! Only issue is every so often the full screen mode notification pops up even when I don't have full screen mode highlighted ac display settings
Everything is working great, just hate the "exit fullscreen message" or whatever coming up everytime the screen locks. With or without the box being checked for full screen on or off, it still shows, which sucks. Please fix this.  It at least happens on LG G2. 4 stars until fixed.
Would rate higher if I could remove email from blacklist.
on my S5 - acDisplay is on top of my fingerprint lock screen.  With Active mode, I can check quickly if there are new notifications, touch the notification for a summary, swipe it away (or mark Done! in In box) or open it.  To open and get details I need to go through my Fingerprint lock, etc., so snoopers can't get more than a quick summary if anything.  Meanwhile my choice to act on a notification, see the time, data and battery, all while maintaining a nice black background saves battery.  Very well thou
This app will NOT let you get rid of it AT ALL!!! SCAM..SCAM..SCAM.
This is a great app. the only thing is now you always have to swipe away an AC Display notification from your notification drawer
When a notification comes through on my tablet it doesn't show up through the app, it shows up in the bar above.
PLEASE MAKE IT COMPATIBLE!! Other ways this is a great lockscreen:D
Everything works great, except there should an option to block the home button. Pressing the home button on my Samsung Galaxy Core bypasses the whole lockscreen and brings me to the homescreen of my phone directly! This should be fixed as early as possible cuz this thing is already bugging me a lot.
I can't live without it. I use it as my lock screen. If I add default unlock features of Android, it requires an extra swipe after unlocking. So can we expect a default lock pin option right after unlock which will be handled by the app itself? (beautiful unlock screen like iOS?)update: yeah I understand. But you can take a glance at Dodol Locker.  They have beautifully managed the lockscreen within the app itself. You can leverage xposed for further security.
Its very good on my tab 3 and simply love it and very useful to check the notifications immediately simply goood
Like it very much and very useful.  Now with music playing control to lock screen It's perfect..
The stock clock app on my g3 doesn't show up when the alarm goes off until I unlock the screen. It started on Friday.
I love the app, UI is amazing! I just wish there was some internal security features were added (pin, pattern, password, etc.) When that's added, it'll be the perfect app.
Won't uninstall. Bull crap
This is by far the best app. Now I don't have to have a Moto x to get this feature. For anyone wondering about stability it is amazing the app never crashes.
Wish there was a chance to give more than 5 stars as they are not enough!
Only complaint is the home button on the Galaxy S5 bypasses the lock screen.
Awesome
How do I uninstall this app ? whenever I try to deactivate it, it doesn't work..
No bugs in Android 4.2 , working perfectly
Active mode is not sensitive enough.. Original moto x active display turns screen on at the slightest nudge (like it should!!) But AcDisplay doesn't activate often enough- it only activates after a strong nudge or flip of phone AND the light sensor detecting a change.
This app is suitable for those who wants to have Android lollipop lockscreen notification. That's for android Kit Kat and older version of Android.
Little bit lagging when trying to unlock the home screen but overall great app!
I would like the option of choosing a different lock screen background, also the screen on timer is only available when there are other notifications?. Artwork is blurrier than it should be.. Also slightly buggy as mentioned by several others but otherwise, a great app. Thanks. UPDATE; A little too buggy for regular use...
Really helps
Very useful. Without opening the main screen you can look at notification.
When I set it as a lock screen, if I unlock it the system lock screen appears. This is quite annoying. Any fix? Running 5.0 on N4. UPDATE: fixed. Brilliant as always
I love the simplicity
Great app until the newest update.  Constantly crashing and when I first turn on my screen,  sometimes it displays notifications,  sometimes not.  Please fix!
How do you set it so there is still a password to get into my phone?
Just what I was looking for. Best, customizable lock screen!!  The only issue I'm having is that it doesn't always display my Google Play Music playing. Please fix!
To make this app even better u should make a pin/pattern lockscreen for it
I never give 5 start ratings but this app rocks. I can easily read and dismiss notifications from my lock screen. I also love the feature that turns on the display when i take it out of my pocket. Good job guys!
The ability to filter out what level of notification by each app, or overall, and control what apps show ongoing notifications is fantastic.  The only thing this is missing is lockscreen shortcuts.
Such a pretty app, but I wish it had a pin or pattern option!
When I have this set as lock screen, I get the overlay that says swipe down for notifications... Is there a way to rid my screen of this annoying thing?
Please add a password/pattern option
Moto Display for other phones. Thank you
This app is absolutely stunning. The notifications on lock screen work great.   Side note: If you hate the persistent notification, just go into the app info page and uncheck show notifications.
Usually shows me the default lock screen for a couple of seconds, then shows acdisplay (In this version). This really frustrates me. Also I don't like that the screen goes to a shade of grey when unlocking. I don't think the previous version did that. Plus this version simply seems more sluggish than the previous one. Is there a way to go back to the old version somehow? Using LG G2 stock ROM 4.4.2
This update crashes alot need to fix
Developer promptly responded to complaints about issues with latest update and put out a fix even on the weekend. Props
The pocket sensor thing doesn't work on the Asus zenphone 5 please do something
Probably the best lock screen I've ever used!
I only have minor issue for not locking immediately but its okay. I suggest if you could also create a security pattern/pin. Thankyouuu :)
I love the way notifications are handled and displayed. Active display feature has saved my lock button. One suggestion that if I unlock from each corner a separate app of our choice opens with different color of choice. Thanks.
The only thing lacking is a lock pattern or pin. Dev should work on it Plus how can I completely replace it with the default lollipop notifications?
Used to be amazing on KitKat 4.4, but ever since I upgraded to Lollipop 5.0, it doesn't show a music player when playing music in the background and the background doesn't become the album art when held. Also Whatsapp notifications often get shown twice or thrice, ruining the look and productivity. Also, alarms only ring for as long as acdisplay will be awake when then screen is woken. I hope you guys kan fix this :)
Isn't there a 0 star rating?
Super clean and smooth lockscreen, simple and intuitive, definately worth the 5 stars. Some improvements I'd like to see though: 1) Option to use lock screen background (or an option to set a custom one). 2) Option to customize the clock (much bigger size, maybe even in two lines, one for the hours, one for the minutes). Great work!
No doubt app is awesome. But improve RAM  usage
Can't remove/uninstall. Says it needs to be deactivated its administrative but nothing happens and uninstall doesnt highlight!!!!!
U nailed it...
Flawless
MIGHT BE A GREAT PROGRAM,  WOULDN'T KNOW BECAUSE OF IT'S ADMINISTRATION REQUIREMENTS.  DID NOT ALLOW SUCH.
I want to o know to uninstall acdisplay
Immediately uninstall after last update. Screen keeps on when notifications came. The bar is decreasing but the screen doesn't turned off. And can't go to the settings to check.
Pls make it so we can choose a different wallpaper besides your home screen or a black screen. Generally really good lockscreen app
It doesn't have a shortcut for camera. Also, it is a Lil slow.
Simple n great
It's really amazing application... But I recommend you to add pattern or pin lock .. That will rock the app and I'll set it my default application
The app works really well and is very similar to the wake up notification on Motorola phones. The app works very well especially the active mode, the lockscreen option needs a little work but overall the app works very well.
screen won't turn off. rubbish. bar goes down all the way but stays on
I tried a couple other lock screen apps and I keep going back to AcDisplay. Not that the others are bad it's just that AcDisplay has all the features that I need.
It should show the lockscreen pad of the system after removing the app lockscreen. Using 5.0.1
Doesn't work for HTC one
I love this lock screen to death. I just wish it had the feature to add a secure pin or pattern like Echo Lockscreen
I liked the app it always works however if the add in the notification tray could be removed it would be better
Love the app. Music controls are super useful. Minimalist style, priority notifications. It's all great.
my favorite looking lock screen but please add some sort of security .. even if it's not really secure. I use hi locker, but I don't like the design as much and would love it if you guys used their style of security.
   ,    ,       Google Play.    !!!
Most useful
Use it on my 1+, works flawlessly,  !
the ac lock screen can not overide the syatem lock screen i have to unlock mu device twice ,one for the unlock 2nd for the unlock lock code
Fantastically implemented ActvDisplay. Beautiful on AMOLEDs 
Perfect app
I keep my phone on my desk at work. I see a notification, double tap screen, preview notification, answer if important leave alone if not. It's awesome. Keep the updates coming.
Doesn't rotate on the sony Xperia z2 tablet((
can no longer access straight to the app from lockscreen (xperia Z1)
Full support for 4.1+ required.
This app is one of my core apps. I can't go without having this installed on my phone. Its simplicity makes it beautiful and easy to use. The way you interact with the notifications is perfect. Either swipe away or dismiss and screen goes off, life goes on.
This app will be even better if we able to choose the lockscreen Wallpaper on our own but not the homescreen Wallpaper as lockscreen wallpaper
The standard lockscreen still appears to be under this app's lockscreen. Pressing the home button shouldn't switch lockscreens.
Very good! Great support too!
For Moto G 1
Wouldn't let me uninstall. How do I do it
Really great better than before. The update is great. Freaking great having that ac display feature in a android before lollipop is really nice.
I love it, but it would be nice to have the option of disabling the "swipe down to exit full screen" pop up. I get it several times a day even on my lock screen. Other than that, no complaints
Claims to turn screen on when pulled out of a pocket. Simply doesn't work.
Works great
One of the best screen lock app. Recommended! Try it. Thumbs up.
I like it. It's so simple..
Active mode does not work, hasn't worked and the developer will never respond to me.
Try to gain device admin to prevent uninstall. Nono crap app! Freeze then uninstall for life!
after updating to lollipop, acdisplay immediately silences my alarm without warning. it makes the app almost unusable, considering I use alarms a lot.
Favorite lock screen, switched back go Samsung lock screen because I need to password protect my phone. If you add password protection I'll give 5.
Very useful to me
Great app, but i can't use it on my moto g 2nd gen after updating to lollipop. I can't set the lock screen settings as none so i have to select swipe. Any idea how i can make it work?
Need to be able to choose another background and not just your home screen
Best android app
Add a pass code, PIN, etc
Is there a way to put a pin, pattern or any kind of lock on this?
Even with a custom rom it does its job really good and without any battery drain on my s3
Clean & Super Elegant
Simple and perfect.......
I love3d it before bit now it keeps telling to to give it dev admin..
I like it.
Really nice one
But try to make landscape mode in next update.Without Auto-Rotate the app is incomplete.
Please add quick reply feature for SMS and gmail!!!
I used to love this app but with lollipop it seems that Gmail email notifications are duplicated so I have like 20 separate icons for emails when before there just used to be one icon with the total email number on it. Had to turn off the app as it just looked silly On the lock screen
Nice
Does the trick and is very light weight
Won t let me access it the on/off button is in off position but won't allow me to turn it on. Please fix! It won't let me disable it or uninstall it either! Very unhappy customer!
Nice design, accesability of notifications very easy. But only 3 stars because of high battery drain. (12% in settings/battery usage)
Everything works ok except one little thing. When I press home button on lockscreen it automatically opens recent apps. I'm not holding it longer, it's just a normal press, for waking display. My home button is working fine, it's not broken, it happens only when I'm using this app. Also, it unlocks phone if I press home button twice. It would be nice to have an option to disable this. I know it's still beta, but this should be fixed. Thanks!
The ability to add a passcode lock to your phone or tablet within ACDisplay would be incredibly useful, rather than having to bypass both ACDisplay and the stock lockscreen if a passcode is in place. The option to set a different wallpaper than the homescreen wallpaper is much less important, but would also be neat.
This app is crazy good, using it as my lockscreen on cyanogenmod 11, I miss my lockscreen shortcuts though, especially my camera and sms app.
Lockscreen doesn't work, active display doesn't work.. I allowed all the permissions, but still nothing.
I've seen a video on g+ where acdisplay had music controls. Am i missing a setting or something? I love this lockscreen but i am addicted to my music and not having music controls bums me out.
I usually don't do reviews but I lockscreen a lot. Displays my notifications just as it would on my stuff bar that way I can quickly access notifications that might be important! Keep up the great work! 
Fantastic app for notification
The lockscreen prevents my alarm from going off. I love the app otherwise. Is there a fix for this?
Works perfect on my Moto G2.
It drain my battery in my moto g 2nd gen with lollypop.  before install it my baterry last all day long.
Very good app
wont let me unistall from my note 3
Galaxy S5 multitasking capacitive button ignores AcDisplay and starts multitasking even with xposed enabled
It some how blocks the Quick Circle case from working. Is there a way to fix that? This has been a great fix for the 5.0.1 update taking away widgets.
its a great app, pretty nice too, but one thing's missing - security
this is a great implementation, one of the better I have seen. Unfortunately for me it's missing a few key features that come stock on my motorola droid turbo lockscreen:  ability to wake with a wave of the hand to view notifications ability to use trusted bluetooth connections to bypass lockscreen password when connected  phone is on android 4.4.4, not rooted
I adore the simplicity of the design. The icons are clean and crisp; they are easily recognizable. There is a perfect amount of detail shown when previewing the notifications. AcDisplay is the best lock screen I've downloaded and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
Will AC Display offer the same power efficiency as Moto's stock active notifications if I use it on a Dev Moto X running a custom ROM? Thanks.
It would be awesome if you could add support for custom backgrounds.
Looks like bugs all fixed now, thanks Dev
I go to the setting then go to lockscreen and it says "Use Acdisplay as a lockscreen this feature is in beta and may be unstable" does this mean it will come out later?
It did not wirk so i TRIED ti delete it but my phone wont let me! Please update the apo to the fact it could be deleteable...or at least make a game out if it
Pretty nifty app
Improved a lot since the last time I used it
I want it off my phone yet it will not allow me to uninstall it.  I get a message when I click on deactivate that I must deactivate it before uninstalling it.  If clicking on deactivate doesn't deactivate it, what will?
It runs very smoothly and the notifications are simple yet they contain all the data and usually, special buttons for each app. The only downside: when using web WhatsApp, it will light the screen without any notification when I get a message from a contact our a group, check that and you'll be gold!
I tried many lock screen app but this one is the best
App info in play store already shows updated on 2015. Should be 3.0.X already
I can't uninstall it? When I try it tells me to deactivate it. So when I try to deactivate it, it tells me I can't deactivate it until I deactivate it. Nothing angers me more.
Can't deactivate program from my Motorola Droid Maxx
and to me it is the most beautiful lockscreen/notification in the Android universe
I have downloaded this app a while back, love it. After a few updates though, I only see the screen off timer (the bar) when I have a notification. Is that correct?
It is a great app, and good come back on fixes.
The homescreen button bug..
Love this app
The most user friendly minimalist lock screen/notification update bar none. Far better than the programs offered by OnePlus & Samsung. I encourage everyone to donate to the developer so they can continue their good work.
the design is simple but very unique. However, it would be beter if I can customize the wallpaper.
On my xperia z ultra device when i am running any app and i lock and unlock the device, the blue bar of exiting full screen keep pops up... And even when i am not running any app on full screen like the app itself,  it keeps showing up.  And i always have to hit the ok buttong before unlock the device.  Please fix this and I'll give you 5 stars thanks
Best lockscreen i used so far
I need this app cause it is so beautiful and useful for me :)
Didn't have any problem with the app. Working smooth on my phone. I would prefer though that it doesn't stay on my notification list or at least can be removed from there.
but please i hope youre working on an update for the lockscreen because this is a great lock screen alt! one really small thing is that whenever i get a notification it goes to the default lock screen first then it shows the acdisplay lockscreen.
Notifications have a pleasant,  informative appearance, and they are easy to dismiss. As for the lock screen itself,  I have not experienced any bug-issue (running on Note 3) or lag.  So far my favorite lock screen.  I wish they would add a little more customization in terms of design.
Only problem is the alarm doesnt work, well it comes on for half a second, before the lockscreen lights up the display and turns off the alarm. Dissapointing feature that nearly made me sleep in. Luckily i was half awake.
I like it but how do you get rid of the blue notification at the top of the screen that says "Swipe down from the top to exit full screen"? It's very annoying.
If we could have passwords that will be nice
Two things that needs to be done on future updates: 1. The unlock animation has to be smoother, especially when compared to the butter smoothness of android Lollipop  2. Custom wallpaper (not only the home screen one)
Works really good on my other Android devices but will not start up on my note 3! Would give it 5 stars if it worked on my note 3..
Messed up application,it does not allow me to uninstall this app.keeps saying that nust be deactivated first.I did it but still not able to uninstall it..
Doesn't support my phone
Why won't it let me delete this?? Uninstall?!?!
Lovely lock screen but randomly flicks a crash report which you can't stop until you've unlocked. HTC one m8 with lollipop
This is the best app I have ever downloaded. Thank you guys for making my dreams come true, I always dreamed of being able to just pull out my phone and it being able to turn the screen on automatically. Its so intuitive and beautiful. (For those of you who don't like the new clock font just open the app and go to settings&gt;interface&gt;override sistem fonts. And the clock font will go back to the thin stile.)
so nice but it don't screen on with double tap
I really enjoy when my phone automatically turn the screen on when i get it from my pocket ;)
I just moved to a OnePlus One from a Droid Maxx and have been missing the Active Display. This is a great substitute and actually has some functions the Moto didn't have. A 'security mode' that hides body text from emails or texts would be nice.
I would defiantly use this instead of my stock lock screen on lollipop but the only thing this lock screen is missing is security. I would love to see a pattern or pass code after you swipe to unlock the screen instead of it unlocking and then going to the regular lock screen for a pass code
Amazing I love it! But it drains my battery life like heck :/
I use this daily and have had no problems.. Every once in a while my old lock screen will pop up but its usually when I close and open my phone really fast.. Anyways best lock screen every highly recommended!
I love it ! ! So simple and fits my style..
Nice concept, but the stock lockscreen still comes up after I unlock with AcDisplay. Nexus 6 running 5.0.1 stock.
If it does, setup is not intuitive enough to use it.
Works flawlessly! I love being able to take the phone from my pocket and see the time and notifications without touching anything! Thanks for the great work!
Make the unlock animation smoother plez
Needs something new.
Awesome!
First lock-screen app I've used that works without a hitch. Other lock-screen apps usually take a few seconds or longer to come on after hitting the lock/power button to wake. This one doesn't. Works as if it came with Android originally.  Notification buttons work great. Easy to read, dismiss, reply, etc. Looks beautiful. I'm loving it.  If I'd have to ask for anything, I'd say a weather widget. Small and clean like the clock. Regardless, the app is awesome! Donated!
Love it, it looks amazing
This is an extremely well designed app and it is the best notification lock screen I've ever used. Congratulations to the developers! 
Will not allow you to Uninstaller the app.  Do not load it!
issues on lollipop. unlock doesn't work. i need to unlock twice, using acdisplay and system unlock. can you fix this sir? it would be great.
This is something every phone should have.
request option to choose wallpaper from lockscreen instead only from home screen
Since I updated to lollipop, I cant disable the default lock screen, I constantly have to unlock twice when I switch on ACdisplay, any idea?
I love this application but I can't use it on a day to day basis due to some issues. When I use the hot word detection, said app activates but then screen goes immediately back to acDisplay. Also getting double notification for emails (individual emails and then grouped together) and texts. This doesn't happen with native android lock screen.
Good app works well
Everything is good and working properly except the lock button to end call, the app overrides the function and instead of ending the call it locks the phone with the call still going. I would like to see that fixed. Using LG G2 Mini, Android 4.4.
Awesome app, but new watch font is awful. Really bad bad change.
The problem was uninstalling, but a simple fix. Go under settings, then go to security, device administrator, then uncheckmark a.c. active display. Congrats, you can now uninstall this app. Other than the fact that it doesn't work on s3 4.4.2, it was a great concept
Please please please fix this problem. Only your lockscreen app does this on my note 4 .  When the phone is locked I press the home button to unlock the screen,  so your lockscreen appears which is good.  BUT...... when I press the home button again it takes me to the original Samsung lockscreen! Why???  This is The only lockscreen that does this and I really want to use this lockscreen app,  it's the best but you have to fix this problem PLEASE!
I dnt like the new time font
Sencilla y muy atractiva
This is great but I would like music controls. 5 stars
I just would love to have the weather and alarm display option!!
Double tapping home button opens the home screen. Please disable this.
it's great app but when I click on the home it is unlocked... can u fix it to make the home deactivated??
using it removes any lock protection. Yes you can use it with fingerprint scanning, however, you'll have 2 lock screens. ... I'd like to donate, but maybe if the dev incorporates lock protection. I can only hope.
Greatbut needs a password
Best minimal lockscreen with clean, sleek look. Great job!
I have been using this for last few days and it really helps me lot.
Minimal is the new sexy!
Great but my only problem is that when I wake up and this is there, ifb I press the home button, it closes and takes me to the homescreen. Fix and five stars await you.
I would like for AC display to be able to use my user set lock screen as its background. So that I can have my home screen be one thing and my lock screen be another
Looks really nice
I've been using it for a while now, and I have never been so contented with the look of my lock screen. Simple, sleek, and beautiful. I have noticed something though. You can still unlock it when you tap the home button. It can be bypassed easily and accidentally at times.
Have a an issue with my lock screen. Any time my screen wakes my phone thinks I'm viewing a picture full screen and tells me "Swipe down from top of screen to exit full screen". Apart from that works great. (Sony Xperia Z2, latest Android version)
Notifications are doubling up since upgrading to lollipop...
Its easy to get in my phone somebody can steal it or watever & took forever to get off to I dislike
But for some reason my text app (Textra) gives me 2 notifications for every one text. Even blacklisting it gives me 2 notifications. No settings between the both apps could resolve it that I found. D800 LG G2 5.0.2 L
Issues on m8 lollipop
works great!
This is wonderful! Its crisp, its clean. It's great!
Nuff said..
There is no option on how i can make it enable. It only says access not granted.
It's a great lock screen, only thing I found to make me not use it was the task in the notifications. That bothers me. Other than that it's smooth, I won't be using it though.
Needs a screen lock feature. Other than that it's great
I like everything about it, except that you can bypass the lock screen with the home button. Please fix!:)
I love the UI and the fact that it responds very well to input. This app is one I'm going to keep!
Nearly perfect
A few issues persist with lollipop. The most annoying one being that WhatsApp notifications leave multiple icons for separate conversations. Please look into that apart from those, hats off! Keep up the good work  :)
I can't uninstall it once I downloaded
i hate it its ugly and hard to get rid of
Really nice app
The app is simply too nice, dont know what sensor it uses.
Amazing, but i have a little problem. Is it just one notification in one app? What if more than one person chat you in one app. I give you 5 star after you answer or update.
how do u uninstall this nonsense???
At least add option to remove.
The app is great but I don't know y when I sometimes open it my screen just turns off its self I believe it's the app because before that I didn't have any issues over all its sick as hell keep it up
After updating to lollipop every time i get call of alarm rings the screen and the vibration go off in seconds and the app doesn't disable system unlock screen i have to unlock twice one more thing can you make the app activate system unlock screen when notification came instate of app lock screen
Some very basic and essential features missing in this app. Sent e-mail to Dev with suggestions but he hasent replied if he plans to implement the changes sometime soon. This app is useless for me as of now..uninstalled
This is hands down the best lock screen replacement ever. It's the most consistent lock screen I've used and I keep coming back to this one.
Every time I try to uninstall it, it tells me its an administrator and I have to deactivate it!!! Df??
There is a problem to uninstall this app
My phone is so much better with this app, it handles notifications beautifully. Try it now!
I like it. Nice to be able to see at a glance notifications. I just wish there was the ability to leave the screen on longer (until I dismiss, 1 hour, etc), maybe contact photos for notifications, proximity sensors, and shortcuts on lock screen. NoLED was the perfect app but it hasn't been updated in a couple years. This seemed to be a very nice replacement but it's missing things I grew to get used to for a screen notification app that seem like good additions.
I am a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 owner that recently updated to 5.0 lollipop. The alarm clock fails to work when the screen is locked. Please fix this!
Please give some security
But it needs security by setting a pattern
Only wish they added a feature to where you can minimize the clock time
The UI of this app is awesome. A really clean look amd feel. Esepecially on my Galaxy S4, this app really saves battery life because I have an AMOLED panel. Really awesome app. The only problem I have which made me uninstall this app is that the lock screen only appeared when I have a notification. When I don't have any notification and I turn off the screen then turn on, the lock screen doesn't come out. I liked the clean look and feel but because of my problem there, I uninstalled this app. Fix it please.
No security to lock the screen, no pin, pattern, or anything. If security is in the pipeline, it would be great to have trusted wifi or Bluetooth or both. Also, it looks nice, but on tablets it's a bit small in the font category and doesn't rotate.
It's missing the password feature. Plz add this and I'll give 5 
When im trying to uninstall. It tells me to deavtivate it first. But i don't know how? Ive tried all things to deactivate it but it just wont uninstall.
Because i can still press the home button to unlock. Plus apps like messenger bubble heads and easy touch. show straight up ac display.
How do you deactivate it like ugh 
Can you adjust the sleep time to longer than 25 seconds, sometimes i miss a notification by minutes or an hour.  Longer would make this great
GREAT app, but still tons of problems. EVERY TIME YOU OPEN THE APP, YOU ARE ON THE HOME SCREEN, NOT ON THE APP THAT WAS LAST OPEN.
For kitkat, this was the best lock screen app out there in my opinion. Now, after getting the lollipop update I get multiple what's app notifications for the same message.  Also, and this one is the biggest for me, my google music options (pause/play and forward/backwards) Do not show up on the lock screen when music is going. Is there any way to put an update out to fix these issues developers? Thank you
I would really enjoy a password featurw
This app is awesome,  the only problem I have is the blue box that pop ups every now and then and tell me that I can swipe from above to get full screen,,  OK I got it the first time,  no need to show it again nd again.. it gets annoying..  otherwise it's a beautiful app thank you drvelopers
I really liked it. Perfect application for managing notifications. Active mode is not working well with cyanogen 11 on oneplus one. Sometimes it is impossible to unlock screen because screen never comes up :)
Trying to have this enabled so that it is active when turning phone on. Only works when I get notifications...
There is no security, it's a brilliant lockscreen but for the sake of privacy for some users I am looking forward to a Pin or Password.
Much better looking lock screen than default, also has that great functionality.  I do have one minor complaint though, it has a notification whenever I turn the screen on saying to swipe down (from the top of the screen) to come off of full screen mode.  It spoils the look of it.
good its great i love it
Few errors I found - 1. On lock screen pressing the home button took away the lock screen. Please disable that too like multitasking button. 2. The Facebook Lite notification icon looks a bit narrow and not a square. Please fix these. I really like the unlock animation. After that double tap lock screen off feature, this looks more great.
Superb app
I like it but I want it to lighten me up more like I want to know when like person or something gives info I can't really explain it but I like it tho................
1. Phone is unlocked by presing home button. 2.Phone is unlocked by presing recent apps button on s5.
active mode does not work perfectly everytime, but the lock screen effect is very impressive
Elegance at the lollipop level
Just needs some customization features, such as clock position, style and an absolute must of being able to change the wallpaper. I don't think people like seeing their home screen wallpaper on their lock screen. Otherwise, functions like a charm and notifications on point
Best one I've found! Simple , does everything I need. Might be a nice touch to see the 4G and or WiFi status on the lock screen too. Just a thought
I love it
It's actually better than other solutions. This doesn't mean this app is flawless however, it could use some improvements, such as more customization features.
I want it gone but it won't deactivate?
I really like this except that it makes my screen turn on on its own a lot , it takes a little too long to load and sometimes it will glitch and show the home screen when I want to unlock it for a second and then goes back to what it should be
Is there a way to turn off the services Notification in the drawer? I find it annoying because when I lock my phone I already know if the app is running or not
It won't unistall if you want to unistall it and it doesn't do what it said it would do
Love this app, love that it pops up notifications even when locked. Unfortunately on my cm12 lollipop build, there are some issues. When acdisplay tries to lock the screen, the lock sound seems to play 3 or 4 times in quick succession. Also it doesn't actually seem to lock the screen, as the next time I got to turn the screen on, it goes right to the home screen without the lock screen popping up.
I love the design, the app works great!After the last update to Android Lollipop it started having some troubles, please check the compatibility with the system update
It can't be more perfect. Very useful. Thanks for developers. I'm using it every day and I don't think that I will remove it ever. I hope you add a secret code for more privacy.
Use to Work but now it sends me back to my normal lock screen all the time
I was going to give it 5 stars but there is no password option please add that then it would definitely get five stars
Love everything about this so far, but is there a way to disable the persistent notification in the notification drawer that says "AcDisplay services: Lockscreen"?
It does the job.
Great app.
H
It wouldn't let me deactivate it and was a pain to uninstall. Never again.
Would be nice to have ring with choosable apos to open
Simplistic and gorgeous lock screen, best one i have used by far. But adding the ability to enable a lock would make it so much better
I love this app and it's my favorite lock screen out there but after updating to Lollipop, when I unlock it, it takes me to the default lock screen. I'm having to unlock twice to get into my phone. When they fix it you'll get 5 stars back for sure!
Only thing I don't like is the notification of the full screen that keeps coming up almost every time how do I turn that off?
Ever since the 5.0 lollipop update the lockscreen is generally incapable of displaying music artwork. That's the only major problem I know of right now, besides that, Kik messenger appears in the lock screen notification tray twice, even when you've received one message. Besides that the design is majestic and beautiful and despite the slight problems I like it a lot.
I'd really love it if the lockscreen is able to have a different wallpaper from the desktop wallpaper, ya know. Anyhow great lockscreen nonetheless. A little side note, the app sometimes work and sometimes doesn't work, but most of the time it works. Anyhow, a problem worth looking ok? Ok.
Exactly what I was looking for!
This app is great. I love the clean interface and ease of use. It's definitely a keeper for me. Thanks dev, for an app well done.
How can I uninstall it?
It works on every other phone that I've had besides my S4.
I really like this lock screen. But it has one major flaw. It eats up battery. When i install the app, i have to recharge twice, sometimes 3 times each day. Even with minimal use. When i remove it or use another lock screen, my battery lasts all day with 1 charge. So i know this is the culprit.   Another very, VERY minor negative point is that it leaves up a notification when it's active. But it's easily hidden, so it's barely an issue at all.  But thats about the only complaints i have with it. The rest is nothing other then amazing. Touching the notification to see a preview is a feature i really miss in other lockscreens who only do dismiss/open actions.   On the visual front, it's awesome. With no notifications, it's minimalistic at best (in a good way). When you play music, or touch a notification, the blackground changes to a blurred version of the image it's displaying. Simple but beautiful.    I'm giving it 3 stars. I don't use it anymore because of the battery drain, but i will check out AcDisplay every so often to see if it is more battery efficient. When it does, it can stay permanently.   (Tested with Samsung Galaxy S4)
What happened to the music control after updating to lollipop?
Must have app.
It's almost there for perfection, but there are always like this, pressing the home button unlock the device, instead swipe everywhere, this seems to be my main problem especially when using as lockscreen. Please add some options to disable or lock home button then i will appreciate to donate some money with you.. TY
Only thing I would like to see added is passcode capability.
i wish if the clock could be move on bottom or other side of the screen.
This is app is great its what I've been looking for, but I will be uninstalling, reason? No password option, this ruins the entire app, please please please add a pattern unlock option, unlike other apps there is room for it on that lockscreen, this will be great, I will rate 5*'s then and re-install, but until then I can't use this app
Loved it.... Perfect. Just want to know how much battery it drains. My device is not lasting even 12 hours on standby
Screen Flickering ...
Even after activating the ac display it never shows up. Disgusting.
This is SO GOOD! OMG keep it updating to make it better!! Waiting for the lockscreen update! UI VERY IMPRESSIVE! Ahhhhhhh!! Lockscreen Needs: Security like Lock Pattern, Pin, Fingerprint unlocks. Needs to fix lockscreen bugs. Kinda flashes between samsung's lockscreen and this lockscreen. But still awesome KEEP IMPROVING!
Setting it up for the first time, the button "turn the screen off" would bring up the device administrator window but would close it immediately, forcing the user to enable it manually, provided that he/she knows how to (not everyone knows). Pressing the multitasking button on the lock screen shows the recent apps and can bypass the lock screen entirely. The lock screen also disables itself randomly, stating that notification access is not granted when it is.
It's great to look at, really simple to use, definitely better than the standardised lock screen..... Could use two improvements - have an inbuilt lock feature, maybe a custom swipe pattern/shape that you can personalise, and also remove ac lock screen from the notifications panel.
Its really a great app. But one annoying thing is in notification bar ac display service is runnig. Please remove it in next update and if prssible give some security option aswell. And ill change feedback to 5 star.
Active display not working since update! Please fix it, it was a great app till it stopped working. And bring back the dots animation timer. Thank you! Looking forward to improvements!
Works well and is a great lock screen however i just got bored with it and now I want to uninstall it but due to this app being a "Device Administrator," its not allowing me to uninstall it. I don't like apps that force me to keep them in my phone. No other lock screen needs to be a device administrator. Would've given 5 stars but no.
This was my lock screen of choice until the lollipop update made it so I had to swipe to get to security. That means that after I swipe to unlock from AC Display, I also have to swipe to unlock to get to my pin unlock screen, which is why I uninstalled AC Display and now use the default lollipop one. If you add a pin security feature I will not only reinstall, but pay for it!
Please add the ability to keep the status bar visible in the lock screen, so I can see info such as signal status. And make clock and battery status visible also when media is playing
Does not let me deactivate to uninstall app therefore cannot uninstall app
(HTC One m8, Sprint) The animations are smooth and it looks nice, still trying getting used to opening apps from the notification, wish it were easier.
I have been trying to uninstall the app but it doesn't let me at all!!!
Very good, but active doesn't work
Wont let me deactivate
Just a great app
Love it. Thanks for developer
It works so perfect... Loving it... Good work..
The app works great with my HTC one m8 but I would love to see the ability to have a pin security feature for this app.  Definitely would pay a few for that upgrade.
Works great. Would 5/5 if you could set a separate image for the lock screen instead of it just using your wallpaper. That's all I'd really like to see added.
How the hell do you uninstall it?!
I switched to Echo lockscreen for a while for a change of pace but nothing can top ACdisplay - it's minimal and fast with hardly any bugs.  The only thing I'd like to see is an integrated pattern lock, because this app can get a little glitchy when I use it in tandem with my stock pattern lock.
Good app but constantly nags me about being in full screen mode
Remove it from the notification pannel
Don't often write reviews. but this app deserves it as it's really cleaned up my lock screen notifications.  I prefer a bit of "privacy" with my notifications and with Lollipop you can set "hide sensitive notifications" but then then you get a "contents hidden" message, which then just make it look a bit secretive - not a great user experience.  With this app, I get notified and then can decide whether to view the message or not - perfect!  There is a down side (but it's not down to the app); when you have this then you have to swipe twice to get to your security screen - personally would like it all integrated in one! :-)  Overall really nice and a big thanks to the dev...would like to see a few more options, but it doesn't detract from 5 stars!
Good
Hm can you as patterns unlock in the so do I can have it as a default lock screen
Must have app. Thanks Devp.
Great app that fixes a problem I have with my phones lockscreen (: one thing I would suggest is the ability to select a wallpaper that can be used on just this; if this was added, it would get 5*s
it works fine. but right now i want to uninstall it. can anyone tell me how to deactive the app. im using samsung galaxy s4
I'd like to be able to set a pin but I'm not seeing that option. Also, there should be an option for not showing text info. Would be nice to be able to customize the wallpaper too.
This is a great or dare I say amazing lockscreen. The only reason I won't give it five stars is because of the permanent notification in the status bar... Devs if there is any way to fix this please tell me
Beautiful design and interesting idea about the new way of notifying gave me the best lockscreen that I have seen. Thank you for it.
Just what playstore said when I clicked 5 stars "Loved it" I really loved it.
Cool lockscreen app... Nyc job
Love this lock screen, its exactly what I've been wanting , but on small but annoying bug, every now and then it will go to my default lock screen, I have a Galaxy s5.
But every time i unlock my phone a message is displayed "swipe from top to exit full screen" this is slowing down my further actions. How to avoid this?
Long time peek user but this app is so much better/reliable. Works well on HTC one m8 and my galaxy s4 running lollipop cm12.
Simple and cool
Add music controls in lock screen then it would get 5*
Awesome
Help!! Want to uninstall, it won't let me deactivate or uninstall.
Its definitely better than the default sense6 lock screen. My only problem is sometimes I will be forced to enter my phone password I have set up to activate after 5 minutes of inactivity, no matter how long ago I previously used the phone. Only other thing I'd want is maybe a camera shortcut.
Works perfectly on my Moto G. Thanks for fixing the bugs!
Hey guys.. I am using Chomp SMS.. Any reason 2 of the chompSMS icons would show on notification screen when a message comes in..? Thx
Very useful app!
Just one word...awwwwwwsome.
I love this app and functionality, it just needs some small improvements for 5 stars. The stock alarm won't snooze properly with this lockscreen and once I swipe to unlock it the snooze kicks in and alarm starts going off. Also, I wish the swipe feature was a little less sensitive so I don't have to swipe so far to unlock. Fix these and its 5 stars for me.
I love the simplicity of the app, but I cannot get the Active Display to work on my AT&T Samsung Galaxy S5.  What's up with that?
This app takes over and won't allow itself to be managed via application manager.
Sometimes, the screen flicker for a second or so, before behaving smoothly again. Once in a while, I get the Android "Pull down from the top to exit full screen" notification, with the blue help texts. If these two issues were fixed, it'd be a 5-star rating. :)
Awesome... Something innovative..
Would be good if there was an option to activate the camera from the lockscreen
For official android L in Lg g3: makes normal notifications hidden for some reason. And when i unlock my lock screen transition animation happens. But the big problem is it makes my notifications hidden. Ac display shows them normally on the lockscreen but when i swipe down i cant see what my notification says. Sorry for english
Ty for the app everyone should download this
Simple, clean, and works perfectly! Only issue is that it doesn't disable the home button.
Worked great on my S5 until I got Lollipop :(
This app is the best but lately it's been crashing on my phone. The app is not able to wake up phone when it senses light n usually won't let screen wake up or let the huawei emui lock screen to appear instead of unlocking it. Please look into this as I really like ur apps utility
Works well on AMOLED displays, such as the Galaxy S5, when set on a black background.
This app is full of shit cant even uninstall it on my S5 nothing but problems I hate it
Can you add the option do disable system notifications? Like wifi disconnected or no service
This works perfectly fine but i noticed since I have a home button i can just press home and it will go to home screen please take away that feature and it will be 5 star.
I love this it works every time. Should definitely try.
I use to like this app but when i press home button its vanishes... Fix this ..
Used to like and promote it a lot. Post lollipop. It made the phone slow
active mode doesnt work plus it uses a good amount of battery please improve it but overall very nice app
Would appeal to me more if there were security options.
Please provide v3 for download. I have donated and would donate again to get Lollipop compatible app!
The active mode isn't working. And the device isn't waking up after a mortification
Not worth
It is a great lock screen it would be better if it had a way to set a password or a pin
Nicely done. Using it on my Nexus7 2013 and lovin' it!
This is probably one of the better looking and acting lockscreens ive used. Even the active mode works flawlessly. But it persistently informs me I can cancel full screen by swiping. And untill you dismiss it you can't unlock. Turning full-screen off doesn't help either.
Cant take off
Screen sleeps after default 5 seconds even if i change the timeout from settings.
Good !!
For me, best lockscreen. Subtle, yet powerful enough.
Here is a suggestion please. Can I access the camera from the lock screen.
Everything is great! I just wanted to report a bug that if you're using text apps other than messenger/hangouts, you will get double notifications (if you're on Lollipop). Please fix.
Very nice and slick. Coming from an iPhone user, I much prefer what this app does to what the iOS did.  The only suggestion I have for the dev is to incorporate a weather option. That would be fantastic!  Thanks a lot for the wonderful app and keep up the great work!
Vera application tal-ostja
It's so awesome!
I installed the app and it offers a sleek design; however, I don't find it necessary or a feature that I appreciate.  I'm rating this poorly because I cannot uninstall it from my phone. I have tried taking the device admin rights away, and it will not deactivate. This is a huge issue, and I recommend that Google take this down as my phone is now infected with this app.
I have installed it but bullshit about this app doesn't work at all i can't uninstall it now plz don't install this app this is totally fake app and it is asking to deactivate bt it's not deactivated bullshit about creating this low grade application
Minimal but elegant. Seems to be low on resources too.
Need more smooth
Even better than active display... Doesn't consume battery
Superb
Notifications stopped working after the latest update - restarted phone and all is good again. Awesome app, great work.
It works great when it works, but has a tendency to "lock" itself while im doing something
I found a bug.... Whenever screen gets locked while any sought of popup is open(eg popup showing balance after making call).... Acdisplay misbahaves...when i try to ....screen just blinks and i am unable to open the screen unless popup is cleared... I have experienced it several time....secondly blacklist option doesn't work... It shows notification always... Plz fix this... Otherwise this app's concept is gr8..hope u guys will fix these issues
Great app but would be better if you could set a lock on it and everything!
Minimal customisable and really really stable. I'd like to see the addition of a seperate lockscreen wallpaper but aside from that this is the app I appreciate the most. Thank you and congratulations on a fantastic app.
Please add weather widgets with using gps with clock. Otherwish no issue, thank u for Freely providing this app.
App works pretty well.. but my alarm doesn't goes off with it.. Dunno what the problem is..
Works well. Just have to play in settings to set it up
It is nice app and when we take mobile from pocket no need to press power button it Power ons automatically. It uses proximity sensor but it will not drain the battery.and displays notifications well.
How to uninstall this app?
Great replacement for my stock lock screen. Only thing missing for me is pin/pattern unlock. Once this is added this app will be even more awesome!
Need improvise like add widget.
Sip lah
It includes all what I want in a lock screen. Sometimes it has a delayed when I press the lock button but beside that everything is great.
The app is GREAT, and it used to work perfectly, but in the last two updates, the active mode did not work. In last update, it shows NO notifications. Not a one. Please fix! Its such a good app!
I like this one better and work great on my Samsung galaxy s4
Was good at first but then I wanted to uninstall it but it won't let me any one with any ideas
This feature should be stock for all device.
Very good app with lovely small notifications... I like it!! :) Here my feedback for future improvements (that I'd love to have in future releases) - Less CPU usage - Disable AcDisplay when the phone isn't locked (my phone automatically locks after 30 sec of screen off, before this time I'd like to have no lock screens!) - Turn the screen on after two knocks (as done by the active display of moto x phones) - Add camera shortcut - Camera ready in two shakes (as done by moto x phones).
The idea is great, but I wish I could set an individual wallpaper for the lockscreen. There's also the "Don't panic!" Alert for the immersive mode that is quite annoying. But 5 stars for the dev and the app.
Idk why but for some reason I can't unlock it properly after I've updated to lollipop. Probably just needs an update.
Need option to choose what wallpaper you want. Not everyone wants to use the same wallpaper as their home screen.
Why is this not letting me uninstall
Moto X-ified my phone! :D
After the recent update cannot see the notifications on lock screen
Idiot app.....
Excellent app!!
Worked perfectly with Kit Kat and now works the same with Lollipop too.
Gay
While unlocking, I have to wait for few seconds to get to my homescreen. Sometimes, the phone hangs too. Please sort this issue, its very irritating.
My phone often flashes on and off randomly with no reason.  Another complaint is you can't blacklist Google now notifications even after Turning then off in the app itself. Other than that the app looks great.
I love the app, but now that I've updated to 5.0 there seems to be a problem with the default Lollipop lock screen in that it's still there after I unlock the phone with this app, even though I don't have a pin or any other security locks enabled. Anyway, thanks for the app, it's great!
Its a nice concept but plz add a feature to lock status bar too or else the lockscreen proves to be useless.
Is the best locker I ever used, its perfect and its exactly what iv been looking for.
Wish the home screen and lock screen could have different wallpapers. Please update
Was useing it on a s5 no problems .on my note 3 nothing but problem .notifications keep going off but nothing displays.
Delays sometimes and no unlocking sound.
Love this app, maybe for lockscreen notification can make look like lollipop notification as a list,
I love it
Can you add a pedometer on the locks screen to shows your steps, looking forward to you to add a pedometer
Simple and functional
When i unlock me phone i need to wait 4/5 second to get in to my homescreen
Nice and clean notification lock screen.
I am unable to uninstall this app. It says that it's a admin app and have to deactivate it. But it's not working out. Please help.
Please update this app as notifications from the same application will be duplicated every time a new one comes in. This is happening after the lollipop update.
I have a pattern lock code. This app makes me unlock twice. Once with the swipe to unlock through app and then again swipe and pattern unlock. Uninstalled.
Add A Pin Or Pattern Lock Cause I Want This To Be My Permanent Lock Screen. Good Job 
My favourite lockscreen, keeps flashing up my default lockscreen for a few seconds when I unlock sometimes which is incredibly jarring though.
This app works amazingly perfect! Nice and buttery smooth....lol. Only complaint is the lack of customization... Would love to be able to set a separate lock screen wallpaper compared to having the same one for when it's unlocked on both.....but it's not a big enough complaint to take a star away. Highly recommended for anyone that wants a simple, quick, and smooth lock screen with great notification integration this is your lock screen!
Best
I am using HTC sense, so I am disabling native Pin code to avoid problems... So I would appreciate if you added so you can enable pin code within the app (and I would look 10x better)
Totally refreshed my phone while adding functionality!!!
Nice
One word description- PERFECT
Needs lock screen
Love it....love it....love it
I like the overall design there are just a few features missing.  I would like the lock screen to actually have to ability to have a lock, preferably a pattern.  Also a camera or other app shortcuts would also be great.
How can i get rid of notification of acdisplay service ???
Great app in general, but changing songs by pressing next or previous takes like 4-15 seconds to actually change the song! I'm using stock HTC m8 stock music app and sometimes Google play music. Fixt that and it's the best personilzed lock screen app ever
Lovely. I see all notifications as I should.
It just keeps crashing. No warning. No cue. Just stops responding
Great and all but please fix these obnoxious notifications "Swipe down from top to exit full screen"? It completly ruins the purpose of this incredible app
It won't let me delete the stupid thing now
I reinstalled it and went through this app again.  I have it on, it's clean and I'm pleased.  Honestly I feel it was operator error on my part.  Thanks!
This is by far the best looking and most functional lockscreen I have used.  However,  it does not have the ability to create a password of any sorts.  No pin,  no pattern,  nothing.  I would even donate if it had a password option but it doesn't. Edit: even if custom lockscreens aren't as secure, the option would be nice.
Developers need to customize as per lollipop version
Doesn't seem to work well with the 5.0.2 update, at least for WhatsApp and emails. I keep getting new notification for every new message, so multiple icons of same app. Otherwise, loved it on KitKat.
Can someone please help me in uninstalling this app. I will like to rate it as Zero star, but there is no option. Please help me in uninstalling it.
It don't just get uninstall !!!! I donot recommend any samsung user to install this app!!! It really sucks!!
An app that's really very sleek and yet very productive. Hats off to the dev.
Only thing it needs is a lock system!  Overall it's the only app that overrides my phone's native lockscreen.  Perfect.
Active mode should turn off screen as well, and it should not wake up screen in pocket when notifications arrive. It does not make sense.
Its awesome! !
the last update is even better, but I can't.seem to get the icons and artwork shown in the background in lollipop. It used to work just fine on kitkat.
This is an amazing lock screen, only demand is for some kind of security option, like code/password or something related to Android. Other than that, sleek and beautiful.
It won't Uninstall. This is ridiculous.
Easy to interact with the settings and opening/dismissing the notification,keep up the good work
It works quite well. On my Moto G, however, I get the "Swipe from top to exit fullscreen" message when I look at my phone a lot and I wish this was disabled or something because you cannot do anything until you hit OK. I also wish that the being able to swipe down from the top  for the status bar and home key(s) bar was disabled for this app. Not a deal breaker, just something that would be nice.
It won't let me delete it 
I love this app, but not being able to quickly access my camera may unfortunately, be a deal breaker
It was the best lockscreen ever, it just need an update like tap the proximity to unlock and double tap to lock, overall it was da bomb
The functionality is great,  the only problem I run into is when the screen has been locked for more than a few minutes,  the pop up that says I can drag from the top of the screen always appears.  I press okay to acknowledge it,  and I don't want it to come back. That's the only issue I see with it thus far.
Easy to use.  If you have an issue contact them. Great customer service.
I am unable to see whatsapp notification on my lock screen. Now holding down the icon only says "hidden content" !!!
Minimal, beautiful to look at, and highly functional. Best lock screen I've used so far.
.
Soothes the pain of waiting for lollipop :)  great job
After activating it on Nexus 5,  whenever i receive a call my proximity meter doesn't work. So when i remove the phone from my ear,  screen stays black until i press power button
Won't uninstall.....
This is worth your time best and easy Setup not sure what other versions worth it
Put an opt. Of having diff screen on lockscreen
Simply like the app. Please just add another option double tap to screen on.
Perfect
I love the app but it used too much battery and ram.
Best ever
Access isn't granted in notification.How to grant access??
One annoying one is the constant "swipe to exit fullscreen" notification. Were not idiots, i only need to read the memo once and done. (MotoG) edit: sucks that it cant be fixed on an app level, by far most annoying thing for me.
Love the app, but I would really like to be able to set a separate lockscreen background different than my home screen. It would also be nice if it included a temperature marking on the screen. Otherwise, awesome! Is there any way to turn off the swipe down from top to exit full screen?
Would love a pattern security option
Awesome animations! Very stable and constantly updated.
Love the update but on most occasions it now says "Hidden Content" instead of the actual content of the notification. Any idea what is causing this? I'm on kitkat 4.2, htc one m8.  EDIT: thanks, figured out it was a secure song hiding the content. Adjusting my score accordingly.
Used it a lot on KitKat and loved it, but on Lollipop opening a notification goes to the lock screen instead of going straight to the app.
I tried to uninstall and its deactivated but it won't let me uninstall it
Once installed,  it refuses to be Uninstaller.
The app works pretty well except for the times I get the "how to" message about it being in full screen mode.
Great notification app. My only observation is that I use 3rd party apps but both show up so I have duplicated notifications. Nice to have option to select which apps are pushed. Also like to see my weather. Thanks for the great app!
Needs pass locks asap. Something like the knock code on the LG g3 would be amazing.
How to deactivate
After I updated to lollipop(5.0.2), the music notification isn't affecting the lock screen ie. I don't have media control. Maybe I can fix this if I can do a fresh install. Is there a way to make it so that the app never existed on my phone? So that the previous settings and preferences are neglected when doing a fresh install? It seems the last update didn't properly apply or something.
How awesome this app has become since inception is amazing and I thank you very much for the constant updates and not giving up as other devs have done.  I only say this because apps become favorites and when abandoned, I am left helpless.  So again, thank you so much !!!
Works great and love the new material design
i previously rated it 5 stars but I wake up and find an updated version where the white dots that showed remaining seconds have just disappeared without any option to enable or disable them, I'll gladly give it the 5 stars when you fix it... because in life it's the little things that matter
Does what it says
This is by far my favorite alternative lock screen. I always try to switch it up every now and then but I can't do it. Every time I always miss it so much. I have a Droid Ultra that I used go use, which has the Moto Active Display feature built in. And I loved it. So this the closet I cann get and their are a few features that are even better!
I really do enjoy this app. But I've had problems with it like, when it goes into immersive mode. and how it sometimes shows up after Ive unlocked the phone, but in general I really recommend the app
Wow
Works really good. It's very responsive. Use this with Awesomeon and you have your own Moto X Active notification
Glad to see you brought this perfectly from the moto x to other android sevices! :). Eagerly waiting for lollipop support
WondErfull ...
I tried something like this earlier, but easy usage of this app made me fall in love
Please push in a sooner update where u get rid of the full screen tip popping up everytime I unlock my device running on android 4.4
It doesnt show the artwork of a song when i play it with the default music app. It works with Spotify though.
Album artwork for music won't show up and I think a pin/pattern lock would be convenient. Otherwise, great app, only lock screen I use. Keep up the great work
Everyone should at least try this app. Its so beautiful. Honestly. Love the animations, the simple UI... Everything. I do wish I could set a custom wallpaper apart from the one I have on my home screen. Please add that feature :)
I love this lock screen it's clean and elegant. The only problem is the home button. If I press it it unlocks the device. Once that gets fixed it would be perfect. Edit: I have a rooted phone and I noticed in xposed installer there is a module for acdisplay. This disables the home button
Now I cannot delete it from my phone. I tried deleting from the app page. Then tried from the app store. Nothing works.
It's a great and useful app. The last update is phenomenal. I can't have a phone without AC Display installed on it.
Neat and clean. 
This lock screen is great. Love the simple notifications till you want to see more. It's a little inconsistent at times but it's not too bad. Only wish that there was an option to turn off the constant notification in the pull down panel.
Simply amazing
When using as a lockscreen it takes like 2-3 sec to activate after pressing the lock button.
I love the way it looks and all the customizability, but it would be nice if you could switch between slide to unlock and a password to unlock. My phone automatically switches to password to unlock when I'm not at home.
I was in search of app similar to Moto x and finally my search ended in this app I love this app it is lightly weight and not drain the battery. It really made use of my amoled screen of galaxy s4. My suggestion to the developer is that make the app little more customizable like able to change the position of the notification screen from middle to position I like . when I unlock the screen there is a small white dot that expands and fill the entries screen and then unlocks please make better unlock effect
I love the way this lock screen looks and the notifications look awesome. However I still encounter double locks occasionally and the lock screen unlocks if you double click the home button.  If these issues are fixed it would be perfect.
nice app with the exception of the music add-on.  no control.  I'd also like to choose my color wheel... right now there's no option to choose something other than white.
It an good app but I downloaded this app called open mic+ and it allows me to say Google commands for anywhere like the moto x but when ever I say a command this app opens and open mic+ does not so try to fix that and also make the take out the pocket thing more sensitive because sometimes it does not work
Nice, I like this app....works perfect !!
Really nice, works seamlessly with or without root. My only issue is that there is no passcode option on lock screen mode. please add this.
If you use amoled display gadget, it will max the usage of this app. Because the black is real black.
It's a great lock screen replacement but I would love for it to have music and video intergration
Lolipop support is now OK, but album artwork display is temperamental.
if you want to try it then don't once it's on your phone it doesn't come off and it had full access to your payment info
Administrator app wouldn't uninstall.  Fast response that took care of the problem.  Maybe problem is my LG is incompatible.  Ty for fix of problem!
Looks sick, just wish u could have a passcode
Animations are so smooth and functionality is amazing
The blacklist function doesn't seem to work. I've blacklisted a few apps, but their notifications still show up on the AcDisplay lockscreen (e.g. Lastpass, official Flickr app). Also, some documentation would be nice.
It's extremely smooth and clean looking I really love this lockscreen app going to be running with it for awhile
Things that bother me; 1. There comes a undismissable notification when you activate the active mode. 2. There is no pattern/pin lock!
Simple yet futuristic. However, kinda disappointed when knowing that pressing home button would unlock it. Please fix it. :) thanks
Its gd but if u give this app on 4.0 + Android is versions. Lot people can use
Fast simple & beautiful and dosnt eat battery .... good work developers keep it up just add more unlock effects and this app will be the best
Minimal and brilliant!
good
So convenient and easy! Thank you!
Great and very useful app.
I wish there was a way to have its own background different from the home screen.
Great app and awesome interface but please make alarm clock work. The alarm doesn't sound. I have to actually unlock acdisplay first before it sounds
Great
Not supported even in v3.0.6 acdisplay
It keeps unlocking in my pocket and it's really annoying it used to work well
Doesn't work on lollipop.
I love this lock screen. Very simple and clean. My only gripe is that it doesn't actually lock the phone, meaning I have to use the phone's default lock screen as well. Is there no way to make a third party lock screen actually lock?
Noice
Nice app
Still needs inprovement seen better aps out there see if u can improve it !
The best and simple yet functional lockscreen replacement.. But please disable home button function.. It's quite annoying..
this is one of the best lockers i ever used but the only problm is there no any security option. plz add pin or passwrd or pattern keyguard for privacy
Top work,  beautiful simple and effective...  Thanks Dev keep up the Stella work.
Unfortunately it's  not working well with the lollipop update for my nexus 7 (2013).  Usually this app used to take over the default lockscreens and display the "ac lockscreen" instead but it's not able to do that anymore with the lollipop update and now I'm having two lockscreens back to back, please add an option to disable the default lockscreen or at least override it. I LOVE THIS APP AND NOT BEING ABLE TO USE IT MAKES ME FRUSTRATED.
Yeah it is. I'd not mind giving away 5 stars for an app this simple, yet useful. But I keep a star, because it needs more development. Recommended to everyone!
I could not find a way to remove the "ACDisplay services. Active mode." notification in the notification panel. Is there any way to remove it?  Other than that, the app is very simple to use and also elegant. Good to see such great apps that covers some lacks of Android.
Thank you for writing this amazing piece of app. Love it! 
No longer working
Amazing app and solid ideas, but a few annoyances. When I use the screen lock, turning the screen on is met by an android full screen popup which ruins the flow of the app. Occasionally, the contents of the notifications do not show up, even when others will at the same time. Regardless, I'd like to see more updates and support for this app, it really is a brilliant concept.
The best!!!  Works amazing & flawlessly in my Samsung Galaxy Note EDGE.  Cheers to dev. Also,  i was wondering if the notification icons could be colourful.
I personally feel this is the far most and the best lockscreen ever on Play store. I used it on my Moto G (2nd gen) and it worked flawlessly. However when I installed it on my Samsung Galaxy S4 it doesn't work at all. When I press Home button or Unlock button the lockscreen doesn't show up at all instead it take me to my homescreen. I've allowed Administrative Rights to AC Display but still no joy. It would so nice of you if you fix it and in turn I promise to rate this app a 5 star. Many thanks!
Not working on my galaxy s4
Doesn't replace my old lock screen which makes me have to unlock two lock screens otherwise its perfect
Super clean well organized way to manage the lock screen.
App will not allow me to uninstall.  Claims it is a device administrator and must be deactivated.  But will not allow me to deactivate.  Seems dodgy.
Really love the simple elegance of this app. The only missing feature that I would suggest (and give 5 stars for) is the ability to wake up the screen by waving my hand in front of the sensor.  I leave my phone FACE UP on my desk when working and on the table while at customer meetings.  If I missed a notification due to some other distraction and wish to go back and see it later, There is no way (that I have found) to be able to wake it up other than turning it face down for several seconds and then back up.  It would be much more convenient if I could do that with the wave of my hand across the face of the device.  One other suggestion, allow a setting to turn this on automatically and 100% of the time while plugged in.  I would like to use it as my bedside clock.  Currently doing that using the Daydream function with Clock+ app, but would prefer this app do it.
Option so that volume/ringer can't be changed when app acting as lockscreen needs to be added, other than that really good.
this lock screen is minimal and stylish, I love it! All I'd like to see is some sort of security integration like a PIN or pattern unlock!
Great lock screen app!  This is what i was looking for... Gets all notifications  on screen and takes care if privacy too..Best thing is active mode...jus love it :-) :-) kudos to developer... Jus dnt stop here.. Bring more apps dev!
Nice lock screen, but a battery hogger. I went from 100% to 80% in less than 20 minutes on a Galaxy Note 4. Needs to have a feature to regulate battery expenditure. Fix it and I will give it 5 stars.
It looks amazing, nice and simple and very handy but it drains my battery badly and forces my phone to misbehave opening apps and closing them. Sorry uninstalling...
There is a bug in which when ever you unlock the phone , it flashes " swipe down to access the keys " . the same message when u watch a video in full screen mode . Please get that fixed and battery consumption Is a lot when this screen is on
Great lockscreen!!!
Great for those without lollipop lockscreen notification screen
Needs landscape orientation
Not working after update
This app cant be uninstalled!!!!!
you should add some kinds of security code pls
Love the look and interface, however it heats up my phone beyond belief and it drains my battery in about an hour.
This lock screen has it all. Beauty and productivity. It is a gorgeous lock combined with an excellent notification system. However, one thing that lacks its the security. This app need an urgent update introducing passwords or patterns to unlock.
Not many customisation options but yes, small and simple.
Beautiful app, works extremely well and is highly functional. However, it drains battery through acquiring too many screen wake locks regardless of settings.
App will not uninstall on Galaxy S5
Simple. Beautiful. Clean. It works!
So good. Working like a champ. The look is great and its running smooth.
Ok
Perfect and beautiful lock screen
Not working.
PLEASE ADD SECURITY! also a camera shortcut would be nice
It won't Uninstall. I need to get rid of apps (I have too many) but it doesn't let me
Works great, just needs password or lockscreen pattern though
Cant uninstall.doesnt do what its spose to n shut fone off within seconds of not touching fone.n comes on when it feels like ?????.also what does deactivate mean ????.
Love it on my note 4
Just brilliant
Using it on my redmi 1s some last 3 months. Amazing app. Everyday I love it more.
Perfect!
Helps a lot
Doesn't work on my galaxy note 3
Loved it.
Not working.
Need user defined wallpaper for lockscreen instead homescreen wallpaper and music player controls on lockacreen and 'active mode' performance. Except these updates app is excellent. Please respond to my feedback then I will give remaining one star for u.
I liked it but I have enough on my phone, so I tried uninstalling it. It will not uninstall and I'm upset about that....o_O
This is a great apk like its other sister, HeadsUp. However, there's a terrible challenge: after granting it access as a Device Manager and checking the Notifications box allocated for it, the young girl keeps putting off my phone. I have restarted like 4x today and all happened after doing all the needful activations. Other than that, the apk is beautiful. By the way I use an Infinix 506 on KitKat 4.4.2
Won't  uninstall !!!!!! Crap
Awsum app! Very nice interface! Cool...
After installation this app becomes device administrator. Refuses to shut down and cannot un-install. Do not install. Phone hangs often.
Cannot uninstall... cause this app act as administrator... fucked
It wont set as my lock screen and it wont let me uninstall it
Because it won't let me uninstall
Lock screen not working or showing up after latest update
Best
Can't wait to how it improves my screen on time.
Perfect!
This is the best lockscreen I've used to date. It has yet to cause any issues between itself and the default lock screen like most other replacements do and it just looks and works fantastic. A minor option I'd love to see would be to only wake the screen when charging, perhaps? Great work.
Quiet possibly the best lockscreen I've found. Really like this app has everything I want out of a lockscreen while keeping it simple with no unnecessary junk to clutter it up.
Awesome lock screen. Its perfect just can't use it till the menu button is disabled!@!@!@!
Maybe in the future some widgets like weather and option to add icons to lunch apps from the lock screen
I know the lock screens only in its beta stage but there really needs to be a pattern password
As other reviews flawless totally.  I know this is just an notification app but please add the option for pin or pattern lock this would make ten stars in my book.  Apart from that stunning.  Good job guys...
Don't like it and can't uninstall!! Avoid.
works the way it should although my samsung lockscreen opens after i swipe acdisplay off so 2 swipes is annoying sometimes
Would be five stars but I wish you could bypass the regular lockscreen
It doesn't have a locking option on my lg g3 so anyone can get on it even though it's a 'lock screen'  also when I get new emails it has a new icon every time instead of 1. Some updates including different lock screen background to phone background, editing time and date font / positioning etc and running a bit more smoothly on lollipop would definitely put it up to 5*!
I love the active mode and wake notification features. Only issue I have is there's no way to include a pattern or pin lock without having to swipe twice to unlock. If there was a way to get to the pattern or pin lock with just one swipe and still keep this lock screen that would be awesome! Also, I know that version 3.0 is out, but when will it come to the Play store??
WTF!!!!! Why can't I unstall this worthless app.
I really enjoy using alternatives to what stock UI gives you and this app serves as a real nice lockscreen alternative. it would be cool to see a future update that alows the album art to be displayed on the lockscreen when playing music.
Nokia N9 style! Will review it properly after using some more days!
Perfect, would be even better if you could set a custom background!
Finally an awesome lockscreen i wish my phone came built in with. Installed on both my mobile(s4) and tablet(n8000). Works flawlessly. Whenever you pull it out of your pocket the lag to turn on the screen is very minimal  .add to the cake very negligible battery drain . Great app !!
I just simply LoVe it..
Big fan of the app and I would appreciate if sound for unlocking is added...!
Unlock animation is good but irritating since background is white.  more features in unlock will be appreciated. Also if effect is provided then excellent. Worse part of this app is that it occupy drop down notification bar. Good app but could be better. Increase my expectations but decreased within 5 min.
nice!!
Emojiis aren't displayed 100%
But sometimes crash, pls fix
Keeps coming up with "swipe down to exit full screen" how do I stop this please? I do love the lock screen though
If you download it you can't delete it you can try bit it will reappear
My first regret is that you can't hide in the status bar the notification showing that the app's running. If we could choose either to see it or not in the status bar it would be great ;) Well there is also the unlock... If I could get rid of it and just slide on a side, go straight to my locked pattern without the visualisation of the action to unlock... There is already a way to reduce the time. It's just that the animation shouldn't appear at all as I choose so. Nice job anyway ! Please keep on it :)
I like the idea of this app, but one issue I'm having is when I unlock using AcDisplay it takes me to my regular lock screen. (Double Unlock) *Nexus 5*
Perfect sangat
Perfect notification lockscreen
Add a cool type of security and it will be definitely 5 stars! For example, a drawn pattern after holding the app icon
It's minimal, functional and slick. Great lock screen replacement.
Awesome app but do need some material designed pattern/pin lock..  Thank you
Great little app.. just few request Devs, would be great if you put knock on (tap twice the screen to awake).. And I just notice this malfunction, when i press the physical home button twice it automatically unlock. pls do something.. Galaxy S4 user.
Update anytime soon? BESIDES GREAT APP!!
Really like but want to uninstall and can't!!!! Won't allow me to deactivate!! How can I do this!!
Pretty hefty battery drain. Went from 100-40% in a couple hours. When the home button it pressed it sends me to the default Lock screen.
I love this app to death. I've told many of my friends about it!
How to unistall this app
It doesn't have an option to let me choose any wallpaper I want for the lockscreen
Maybe I can't find where but as soon as use ac display it's always asking me for my pin.
Very very cool
I think you should include an option to select the system's lock screen wallpaper setting to be the wallpaper for the app. Or give us the option to pick our own wallpaper. That's all, keep up the good work! :)
Looks great, works great :) Congratulations to developer!
Just needs security like a swipe lock etc
When I press deactivate it wont. It probably thinks that I was pressing uninstall instead of deactivate.
Still can unlock the screen if you press the home button.. Fix the bypass home button
My alarm clock doesn't go off anymore, no matter what I do with the settings. My phone is my only alarm clock, so I kind of need that to work. LG D145 (optimus)
App is very pleasing aesthetically. But one question, am i supposed to swipe twice to get to my home screen? One for the app and one for the default swipe for phone's lockscreen?? Also it would be great to have support for password and pattern protection.
I can't help but use this app but I wish there was password protection or pattern unlock. If this changes I'll rate 5 stars because this app deserves it
I love this app so much. I just wish there wasn't the consistent notification. I would pay to take it off but I don't know if it's possible.
This should be the a standard lock screen and notification ui for all android devices just a quick reply to message and social apps and this should be 10 star :D
Notifications in circles just like moto x active display. And low priority of the notifications. There should be an option hide the entire notification.
Works awesome, I just hope this app adds password support through there launcher so it doesn't keep going onto the default lock screen.
Does exactly what it says - makes interacting with notifications so much easier! Elegant and clean design. Only complaint is that it sometimes causes double unlocks, but I think that was a weird setting on my end...
Sad I can't use this as my home screen. I don't have much use for a lock screen :c
Drains  fast
Really amazing app and has lots of potential but it's just too limiting in terms of customization, you can't set up a wallpaper that varies from your home screen one, you can't adjust the placement or font of your clock and date, i personally much prefer it on to of the lock screen rather than the middle and doesn't offer security settings, if you'd work on that, easily 5 stars and would be ready to purchase the pro version if you decide to add such features to exclusively premium users.
Only luck screen I haven't installed and then uninstalled in 30 seconds, so well done, and it's open source! It couldn't be much better.. (Although instead of the fade in being white could it be a blurred image of what app you are opening into and custom backgrounds)
eats battery like hell man.. i installed this at night nd kept fully charged my on airplane mode .. bt at morning 2% battery was remaining.. uninstalled..
Needs to option to take away the swipe down from the top to exit full screen pop up annoying...give options on where to place time and date..
Always count on them for quickly fixing bugs
This is a fantastic app but I'm always tempted to uninstall it for one reason: The persistent notification. It's there as long as the app is enabled and there's no way to turn it off. It drives me absolutely nuts. Other than that, this app is fantastic.
How do you Deactivate so you can Uninstall?????
active mode not working for me please solve it
You cant remove the app, and it brings ads up on your home screen all the time, DO NOT DOWNLOAD
This is a fabulous lockscreen but security problems. Give a security please...
Really good.....
Best lockscreen available here. Check it out.
Incoming call doesn't show up and the screen remains off though a I have an incoming call. Once the call gets disconnected it wakes up the screen to show miss call notification
Nothing to say about performance. The only thing that I would love is to have the option to pin some apps ( max.4)
Doesn't work together that well together with the Lollipop lock screen though (twice unlock)
Besides the music controls that everyone mentions, i have an issue with the lockscreen function that looks just like a full screen app and almost each time it is shown, i get the tooltip on how to exit fullscreen mode, and this is quite frustrating to see while the screen lights up.
It is the best app for notification and for lockscreen toooo........
Ive been trying few lock screen replacement apps and has been sticking w acdisplay for a while now. Good job dev!
When I wake up my phone in 80 % cases shows up Android notification about app goin' fullscreen. Please, fix this. This warning should be only on the first time, not 20 times during the day.
I absolutely love this lock screen. It allows me to control my music seamlessly. Not many lockscreens can do this. I've tried tons of others and there all either buggy or slow or just not very functional. I just keep coming back to acdisplay, just get this app!
My alarm clock didn't work with this app.
Best lockscreen notification app I've used. Very elegant as well.
Wait ver. 3.0
Any chance you could add in the ability to change the position of the clock?
Unique & Intuitive Application
EXACTLY what I was looking for!
How am I expected to use the app. I cant flip the switch. I went through all app settings?  Looked promising but I cant even try it out
Would be fantastic if there was support for text/medical info on lock screen
A superb app.. Does what it says.. Excellent!
This app is fantastically designed, beautiful to look at and doesn't hog resources at all. Can I suggest being able to set a different lockscreen wallpaper? This is the only feature that I feel this app is lacking. Highly recommended.
Hey just a quick thing that would be nice if added is a clock on the lockscreen when there is say a music widget. Sometimes I still want to check the time when listening to music :) great app other wise
This app really awesome! I'm use as lockscreen daily. Use minimal battery as my screen is amoled, but on my other phone with lcd, also show minimal battery.
The level of development and polish in this app amazes me. It works beautifully and feels like an actual lock screen that would be shipped with a device. Works flawlessly and stylishly. Does what it does best, hands down. I'm on a rooted LG G3 with Xposed Framework and I was happy to see Xposed integration as an option. One of the best if not the best lock screen replacement on the market. Only suggestion I can make is the option for unlock sounds and maybe some security options. Otherwise perfect.
I love the lock screen feature. Looking forward to when it has built in security so it flows a little better. Right now it's a little copy going from this app lock screen to the security screen built into the phone. Otherwise great.
It won't show any artwork or music controls in cm10 Odin.
Best lock screen ever
The notifications from WhatsApp stay on my status bar even after I've opened them and read them. The whole status bar becomes : (WhatsApp icon) Message from Name. I can't see my battery, cellular or wifi status until I receive another notification. It's bothering me very much. Please fix it. Using LG G2 4.4.2 KitKat Stock ROM.
Very nice..replacement of PEEK
...but lack of proper Lollipop support is getting frustrating. "Double-unlocking" my device is just annoying. NOTE: This issue is nonexistent on 4.4 and below.
When I lock my phone and unlock it again it only shows a white screen and I have to wait about 6 minutes until my normal screen comes back! And when I restart my phone it no longer shows the animation only a black or White screen. This is after I uninstalled!!! Update: i had to exchange my phone! This app broke my phone
I have but two concerns with this app.... The fact that there is no password or protection on it and the animations are a tiny bit long. The security issue is a major one if this app is to be used as a standalone lockscreen and should be addressed urgently. Until then I'll give this no higher than a 4
I'm using this lock screen for  months and I love it, but hope there is more options.
Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! HTC ONE M8
My phone uses snaplock with a pin to unlock, I imagine this app is just incompatible with snaplock, or doesn't work with a pin lock, but that's not the apps fault. Great app, I would recommend it, but I can't use it sadly.
No bugs so far and great looking... :)
The best lockscreen. Been using it for a while now and loving it.
Is there a way to get rid of the ac  display services in the notification shade?
Wished AcDisplay used the Moto X's IR sensors to wake up. Otherwise the built in Moto X Active Display is just more useful because it uses more than just your proximity sensor to show notifications.
let me set a different wallpaper on the lock screen from my home wallpaper, then i will use this app.   lock screen may have more widgets too.
Awesome. Love it. Will be great if there are more features
Drains so much of my battery and won't let me uninstall it.
I enjoy and like that it works hand in hand with my default app on my motorola X instead of replacing as I enjoy both
Love it very much. Its free, open and very well made but kinda breaks down on Lollipop as you have to unlock the stock lock screen after unlocking through this app and there is no option to disable lockscreen on lollipop.
Works better than most lock screen apps out there.
I wish I had camera access and possible widget compatibility but definitely camera shortcut.
Would have perfect score if it showed Spotify controls
Cannot see the music control. Using a  s3. Otherwise perfect.
Closest thing to Moto X
People just download it. U will love it . it's simply awesome. Has some bugs like it does not starts when i turn in my phone. But im sure the will resolve it
Won't let me remove the app. Ugh.
I need to see the message containing or the missed call from whome without touching the screen . Can i do this from setting
Problematik and i cant  uninstall it
Good
Once using this app and second using stock lollipop lockscreen
Works smooth
Tried deactivating before uninstalling but that doesn't work ...
No complians
I miss iPhone less and less with these apps utilizing the lock screen as Apple does.
love the material design..... keeps ma phone sexay!!
This is great. Thanks dev!
most of time  you are not OK to read something over your lockscreen when someone is next to you, right now, you can choose some item that can read in public XD
i disable my native lock screen and replace it with AcDisplay lock screen, whenever i turn on my screen the notification bar was pulled down
Works exactly as promised, except for having a double lock screen on lollipop. Also, will double up my messages if my messaging app will group them into one notification. Leaving me with two single notifications, and a third of them put together into one. Otherwise, very good app, well done.
Hopefully you could add the scrubber when music is being played and some performance improvements
Absolutely amazing app! Love it on my Moto G1!
Could get better if it could be used as dayfream.
Sometimes get the full screen notification on the screen this is annoying.
What have I been waiting for?  This App is incredible! It is so responsive, it connects to all my notifications seamlessly .  I recommend this showing this off to all the Android haters.  This is not one of those crossover Apps from Apple.  Superb!
I think it'd simple and great. Just needs work on the unlock animation. Everything else functions fine for me.
I do not like how it automatically locks when screen turns off. I have set screen to lock after 10 mins but aclock enables after screen turns off and I have to enter lock code after each time &lt;10 mins
Just Jaakasss no bakwaass...
Looks and works great
Very close to using the term Love when it comes to this app..  The ONLY issue I'm having is when I push the home button it takes me to the home screen of my [supposedly]  locked screen.  Am I the only one with this issue???
Not a problem running on a OnePlus One + Madhi ROM.  Documentation said nothing about allowing AcDisplay under Device Admin though... so you may want to check that if you're having problems getting started.
So smooth and light. Like buttery feathers.
If the active display mode could use the Moto X's front IR sensors to wake up as well, it would be better in every single way than Moto Display. Even without it though, it's awesome.
This is a great app. I love this app, it used to work well on KitKat, but after I have updated to Lollipop (on Nexus 5), I have to swipe twice to unlock. Please update to avoid this.
I've been using it for 2 months now, and still love it the same as when I discovered it.
Very pretty/functional, works very it well on AMOLED displays, though it still works great on LCD panels, just doesn't have the same power saving options. I prefer this to the stock Lollipop lockscreen
It wont actually work without atleast one notification. Please fix this
Helps me a lot when it comes to notifications.
This app make my mobile display cool
But can you add music controls on the lock screen? Thanks
Love this.
After installing this, I can see and dismiss the unnecessary notification without unlocking my phone and I can save my time ;-)
I know you can't do anything about it, but I can't use this until someone finds a way of integrating the lock screen. Getting through one after the other defeats the object :(
It's beautiful, minimal, effective, reliable, and a nice step away from the norm.  The design is great, the mechanics are precise and wonderful, and it's one of the most unique lock screens that I've seen for android. I've only used it for about a week, but so far, I love it.
Very good
There are a few things that keep me from using it as my main lock screen. The biggest reason is there is a click in the headphones while the screen is off. But another reason is Lollipop's lock screen is really quite good, and this doesn't really add functionality like it used to. That said, I do like the work flow this app presents.
So im so happy so far this is a great app i like it, Is there any way to wake up the phone faster because most of the time the screen is delay I own a moto x and there come out right away any suggest or can be improve
Had a lot of problems uninstalling the app, which makes me think it likes to dig deeper into your phones system than I am comfortable with.
It's that good.
Very promising, annoyed by the constant pull down reminder
Please add text to speech when on Bluetooth. Would be nice to have notifications read out loud while in car!
As soon as I can use this as a locking lock screen and the addition of a flashlight toggle is added,  this review will be changed to a 5 star rating. The constant Ac Display services notification is annoying as well.
Best lockscreen
Flawless on Nexus 6
Immediately my phone "felt different". Fewer touches to get notifications and updates. Very cool.
It could be even better if I can remove it from notification :)
Capacitive home key dismisses this lock screen for me. Not what Im looking for.
Really nice interface
Amazing app!
Coming from the moto x, I have to say this is a great replacement. It feels exactly like the original with the features I always wished it had.
I have to unlock the screen twice to open. Once with Acdisplay and again with stock. I have Nexus 6 with 5.0.1
would be perfect if google music controls came up when music is playing in the background.  swipe to unlock motion is set a little too long (make a slider setting for this?)  hopefully, the lollipop update will play well with recognized bluetooth devices
The only negative is that I sometimes get the full screen notification when I use immersive mode.
Great notification lock screen. Only issue is that the lockscreen can easily be bypassed by pressing the home button.. Hopefully this can be easily and quickly resolved.. Otherwise a great app.
Loving it!
Just last week I started using a notification widget that would give me similar features but this blows that out of the water and nails it on the head. This is everything that I have been looking for and need on my lock screen. I already donated a little within my first hour I'm using it! And I applaud you for not making a 'pro' version and making it donate only. I love that, and I will probably donate a few more times just because of that! I'll even keep donating to keep it that way... Well earned KUDOS!
The best and simplest lockscreen I have found, it is just beautiful to look at and use.
Nice but bug with S3
Good app, except: (1) the lockscreen doesn't show nor music controls, nor music artwork; (2) there are always two icons for one notification shown. Fix it, please, thanks.
Please add a feature which deactivates the home button when in lockscreen. I don't want my phone to be opened by mistake. Otherwise, it's perfect, I love it. But that little thing disappointed me.
No good
This is a great app, simple and beautiful. I have used it on two phones--a GS3 and a Oneplus One--and the active display did not work on either of them. That is my only issue, otherwise this is a fantastic app.
I love it, would be nice with wear support, so that I can't unlock unless a wear device is near. Mimic system lock screen.
The active mode doesn't work, while the ambient display does the rest.
Will donate when I get some money. Love this lock screen.
How do I get rid of my lock screen?? I activated the lock screen option for this app, but now I'm unlocking my phone twice. Am I doing something wrong?
Best way to imitate a MotoX
Lock screen is a little slow to start. While it's a beta feature, it's really the reason I chose this app. Will increase rating once this is addressed.
Nice design.
Just installed this and it seems to work great on my Nexus 5. Great job!
This is by far the best lockscreen I've ever used, it deserves 5 stars. Beautiful effects, no lag, works perfectly and it's minimal. The only thing I'd recommend is adding information about the alarm clock when it's activated.
Great app & found it very useful. Introduce double tap to wake up and it will be a complete package.
I can't see my music controls only when I have the black wallpaper and turn off the album art, can u fix this or tell me if it's something too do with my settings.  Other than that best lockscreen I ever used
Love the app. Will this be getting an option for pin or password in the near future cause that would just make it even better
This app manages to deliver "Moto X"-like experience to any device. Very useful and well polished.
this Lockscreen is very Good! and the battery consumption too.. But can u please ad an "Double tap to wake " cause my support that features. unlike One plus one? thanks,...
Sweet
This is, so far my favorite non-stock lock screen. It's very good looking. I like the simplicity of the notifications, but it doesn't work seamlessly with all apps (WhatsApp in particular causes issues), and there is one visual glitch when launching an app from a notification. One thing I would like to see is customization! I need the ability to launch camera from lock screen, and it would be cool to see customizable app launchers from lock screen. Overall good lock screen that could be great.
Loved it
Best lockscreen design.
Works perfectly for me.
Can you make this accessible with tasker?Or add proximity sensor setting.
I love this lockscreen. The only thing that could be improved is adding music controls for lollipop. Regardless 5/5.
HOW DO I DELETE IT ? Please someone help
Beautiful app
How do I clear the "lockscreen, active mode" out of my notification bar?
It works in the same way as the active display in moto phones.. But u have to forgo ur lock screen... But its worth a try... Very good app.. Works fine.  By one plus one user.
Almost perfect. Would be great to be able to set a custom wallpaper though.
How do I deactivate this app and uninstall it??
I can't figure out how to uninstall the app
Perfect but only thing is missing is security lock options in it .. kindly update this app with tht feature .. thanx
When I try to unlock my phone the screen flashes white and then I have to press the power button again to actually show the lockscreen. I think this is because of the lockscreen option but I like it because I don't have to see my old lockscreen. Please fix this if you can.
I'm on a hunt for a perfect lockscreen, and so far this one has been impressive. I wish there was a few customizable shortcuts (like in Sense lockscreen), but other than that, I love every bit of this. It's fast, stable, the active mode works wonders, doesn't really drain battery either. It takes about 67MB in memory of my S5, but the phone doesn't really struggle.
Its not uninstalling
NEEDS a passcode option. Really need to use it as a lock screen but I can't unless it has a pass code option for security!
Love it
4 stars for the beauty and ideas. But my battery back up has gone down ever since i downloaded this app. Any helps with that?
Must Try the app...
It won't let me delete the app help please
Works almost as well as the Moto X version. It doesn't wake up a lot of times when nudged on a table and a few times when taking it out of my pocket, but I'm impressed that it doesn't really affect my battery.
missing some security features, otherwise 5 stars. Thumbs up for the developer.
It would be better if I could choose my custom wallpaper.
This works good.... Music controls and all.. Thanks man.
It won't install
Good app
It's does what it says, but home key spoiled it. Please lock the home key when it is used as lock screen.
Can't wait for immersive mode to be allowed for all users but until than its still definitely a must download!
Awesome
I am trying to uninstall the app. Its not getting uninstalled. Tried every possible way..
Here's my problem with this app, it closes when my phone goes into deep sleep. White listing it doesn't help. There is also a noticeable delay on the display when I pull my phone out of my pocket or when I turn it over on it's back.  Sensor does not work when you wave hand over your Moto X.  I really wanted this app to work. I was looking for a substitute for Active Display on my Moto X whenever I flash I custom rom and I lose that function. Sadly, this didn't deliver.
This is a really great app, it works without a hitch so far. The only problem I have is that there doesnt appear to be any way to change the position of the clock. I can handle it, but I would prefer to move it higher on the screen.
If brightness would have been little low it would be great
I'd love it if it had pin protection or some other form of security
Does not show the correct length of song on lockscreen while music is playing.
Simply put, apps like this are why I love Android. Works flawlessly.
First off, great work on this app and I really appreciate that you made it free (for now at least). For the most part it works flawlessly and I really like how the lockscreen displays the album cover of the music you're playing. The only thing I think would complete this app is adding in a customizable lockscreen with quick access features and also please give us the ability to use a custom wallpaper instead of defaulting it to the homescreen background. Thanks for this app! It's a solid 8.5/10 for me.
Good
With a lockscreen, the lockscreen comes first and then this.. Also if there's an option to use music player.. It would be better
Dev really outdid himself on this one!! Stable , material and perfect !!
Please update for lollipop.
Awesome
The app is great but when I choose the option to use it with my background, the background doesnt look centered as it should look like in my lockscreen, instead it shows the right side of it.
Very nice, great job guys! But there is a little animation bug when opening..
Magnificent job, the Dev really knocked this one out of the park!
Very neat and simple UI
No land scape mode? You know for tablets
You should be able to put a pass code , I think it'll be cool!  Other than that is good
Just need a pass code feature and this would be my go to lock app.
Simply beautiful and functional.
Would like to choose a custom date format.
Awesome sauce
My favorite lockscreen. Every now and then it will switch back to the default lockscreen but other then that I love it!! Beautifully done
Light n awesome
I have a Droid Ultra which already has a active display so when I try and use this app it doesn't replace my lock screen but after I unlock my screen I get the AcDisplay screen. Assuming I have to turn off the slid lock setting on my phone. This is a good app for those with no active display already installed on their device. Need to turn off any factory screen lock your device already has in order to work to its fullest potential.
I want this off my tablet. I went through the settings to uninstall your program it wont uninstall. I have tired uninstalling it through my menu that didn't do anything. I went on the play store, looked this app up, tried to uninstall through here, and an hour later its still "uninstalling..". What the heck do I have to do to actually get rid of this!
This was just what I need to solve the problem of no notifications on lock screen.
Please add a security lock. That's the only negative thing about this app.
Simply the best lock screen app for notifications. Donated to the cause.
All I want to say awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the best
brilliant minimalist app...saves battery if used properly...also highly customizable
This app is not uninstalling .. irretating app
i have disabled full screen mode but still it is showing annoying pop up 'exit full screen by swiping down from top'..fix it..
Please add the option for alternative wallpaper
Add application shortcuts when there is no notification
Good app, Please add a Clock size options. Thanks.
CLEAN SMOOTH RESPONSIVE
Using this means doing everything twice. Much easier just to push the lock button
This app didn't quite do what I wanted it to so I tried to uninstall it. Guess what? It's the only app in the app store that won't uninstall.  It says you have to deactivate it first but that doesn't work so it is stuck on your phone forever....I hate to think what it is doing.  You should not be allowed to make an app that won't uninstall???  Avoid this at all costs...it's probably spyware.  Google please remove this app or force the developer to allow it to be uninstalled.
Excited for any new features that'll be added
Get the app sound on lock and unlock. This app is great but lack the security in which it is zero.
Only issue is that now that I'm running this app (s3) I can't get notifications on my actual notification bar. Once I unlock my phone the notification doesn't show. Would like that to be an option otherwise this app is perfect
Great app but sometimes the screen darkens and goes to standby mode.
I like this app a lot,but the power drain is a bit ridiculous. If that is cleared up,then you'll definitely be getting a 5 and a donation!
Sometimes It only wakes my phone up for a split second and i cant unlock the screen. Only fix is restarting the phone. Not very convenient.
Only thing is, I seem to be having an issue that I can't seem to find a fix for. Every time I press either the home button or power button to awake my phone the screen flashes and I have to press one of the two again in order to turn the screen on and access the lockscreen. Happens every time, unless I recently turned the screen off and turned it back on. This issue is keeping me from loving this app and I'm getting pretty close to looking for an alternative. :/ Please help.
Really love the minimalistic design. 
This iz lollipop
awesome  feature .  excellent
Epic- s5
Fantastic
It's ok as a notifications app but it does not uninstall.
Works poorly with lock screen, not activated after lock..so bad, really liked the minimalism
Tym waste
Awemose. Light. Simple. Low RAM usage. After all, this is most compatible and reliable lockscreen services for my new android kitkat mobile. Good job. Good job. Good job.
Works flawlessly
Can you add a camera toggle?
This would be better if it could be turned into a lock screen so it stayed on constantly while locked because once I unlock it, it doesn't come back on despite me having  unread notifications
I very like this app.... So much...but please update this app again and make some new things... Plz plz
Perfect! Shows whatsapp notifications
So beautiful with amazing unlock animations, the clean display makes it easy to see what notifications you have waiting.
I agree with Nicole (12/20/14 ), tried to delete without success. I was trialing several lock screen options. Please send instructions on deleting.
HORRIBLE. UNABLE TO DELETE WITH OUT GOING THROUGH SO MANY STEPS
Amazing
But sometimes it doesn't open the messages when you swipe to open them from the lock screen.
Just needs a weather add-on
One issue, always prompts "swipe down to exit full screen" when I open. I press okay, but it reoccurs, is that a problem on my end or yours?
Everything works flawlessly except sometimes when I receive a notification the screen lights up for a brief second and shuts off so I have to manually press the home button again. Not a huge deal but it's a bit annoying sometimes. Besides that it works amazing.
It would be absolutely perfect if it had a lock screen and a bit more of a swift load up I see a slight bit of my home screen then the screen pops up. If those are fixed it will be completely perfect.
Sometimes when I try to put the phone in my pocket, it turns on without me knowing, causing my phone to overheat. Great app though. Makes my phone feel like a Motorola.
very good app
Its one of the best visual apps I have gotten. But something that looks like many other people want is a security feature implemented in the lock screen so I dont have to go to my phones default lock screen to unlock.
The app was working really well until recently. All of a sudden, when the screen wake up, it shows my password, then the acdisplay screen, it gets confusing. And other time, when I "slide" to unlock, it shows a tiny password pin in the right corner and everything is clustered... I use a moto g, plz fix this!!!
Pretty cool
I'm not sure what the Xposed module does, but it all works great as a lockscreen, and it's minimalistic. Makes any background worth staring at.
This is great app , thumbs up
I takes a long time for it to come up in my screen. I'm faster with the unlock which means I have to willingly slow down to enjoy this.
Htc desire 816
Have tried every notification app from the echo to the next but nothing beats acdisplay... also works extremely smoothly on my note 2. Nothing else for me.
MST have
I LOVE this lockscreen. But it drains my battery like nobody's business. Fix that, and even if you charge me for it I think it's a sweet deal. HTC ONE M7
Super pretty, wakes up when I pick up my phone ... I'm a big fan :)
It would better if users can select a different wallpaper.
Omg i love this. It makes it soooo easy to unlock and see notifacations.
Really useful
Add feature like Double tap to wake up/sleep screen etc
The people who don't have an led notification light should obviously have this app in his android phone.
Gr8 m8! I r8 it 8/8 no h8 :)
When I made the switch from Apple to Samsung the one thing I missed was lock screen notification. This app solved that problem. It works seamlessly with my lock screen pin. It just works and was super easy to set up. Great app.
Fails to remain active on enable.
I really like how the Lock screen looks. But it only works when the phone is charging. That's the only thing about it that sucks
Good app
When a alarm rings the power button or the volume button doesn't work  .... 1st unlock and the dismiss the alarm ... Fix it .... Ever things else fine thanks for the awesome app
Lockscreen can be bypassed by pressing home button. It doesn't show up when I wake the phone sometimes. Looking forward to future updates.
Looks and works beautifully,  mostly. The only annoying thing is the reminder/warning/instruction on how to get to full screen keeps popping up constantly and I always have to dismiss it. Kind of ruins the elegance and flow. Once is appreciated, several times a day is just annoying.
Nice beautifully designed app but i can't change lockscreen wallpaper. This should also be added.
Flawless app. All I ask is can we actually have a like a pattern lock screen in the same notification screen ??  Already have a lock screen by default on my phone but rather have it unlock once by this app much better.
We don't need moto x anymore
Incredible just incredible! This is the kind of app I dreamed of finding. It works it looks good and is an amazing idea. Keep it up!
I hope it'll have security feature
The best app to use on lock screen
Awesome app BTW. But could be better if you can add security features to the app...keep up the good work... Hope to see an update soon :)
This is an amazing app. Works properly. Wish there was an option to remove the notification icon when setting it as your permanent lockscreen.
. Add that and I'll give it 5 stars:)
So far most elegant and stable lock screen. Donated hoping dev is going to make more awesome apps.
Why can't I uninstall it?
It should have 5 stars but giving 3 as not supporting devices below 4.3 Not working on my Xperia L 4.2
I've been using this app with my One Plus One since I got it. I was jealous of my girlfriend's Moto X and the active notifications. When I found this app, I was impressed with how much is was better than active notifications. Using it as my lockscreen, I can handle a ton of notifications without going into the app. Need to delete a message from Gmail? Done, want to read the latest ping in a hangout without going to it? Done. Impressive controls for blacklists and app management. 10 out of 5!
Love it. Keep doing such fantabulous works :b
Its as of now a one trick pony. It should be upgraded.
When I've got a notification sometimes the app will say that I need to swipe down to exit full screen, even though I'm not using the full screen mode.  Also, sometimes the app will close the screen for no apparent reason when you open the notification.
Probably best looking and functioning lock screen on the market right now. One suggestion though, please have an option to disable the home button.
Keep it buddy..
Excellent application! Bravo!
The 'wake up on notification' when checked. Keeps waking the phone up (screen on) before it switches off the screen again. I'm on Xperia z2. Not rooted.
I can't put a pass code . there is no camera shortcut
Best. Lockscreen. Ever.
i like this lock screen but i have a problem that the samsung lock screen keeps showing up.
I am actually very impressed with this app. There is no lag or glitchyness whatsoever. It looks great too!
This is d best Lock screen app I've ever used..looks cool perfectly awesome
Trusting the community and leaving it open.
When i choose message from missed call, it goes to stock messaging app and i am using messenger for messaging, please fix, thanks
It is the best lock screen replacement app..i just want to remove the app display thing from notification bar.
Really well made and will use it in the long term.  Thank you developer
Mine does not have the security option to deactivate worst app ever
Great app,very smooth.
Beautiful battery drainer
I really love the minimalist look to it. It gives a smart and modern taste to it. :-)
beautiful app
I like the app but wish the devs would update with more functionality.
Works for me!!
only thing is, it would be nice to have the option to select a background different from the one default to the device (or other visual customization options).
This app is absolutely great. Minimalist graphics and great speed. Works really well with pulling out of your pocket feature. The only downside is the slight delay after having put the phone to sleep and waking it in the next 5 seconds, the app is just slow to start when that happens. Otherwise, best lockscreen i have ever used. Would give 5/5 without the delay :)
I love this! Great, minimalist design. Is there a way to disable the icon in my notification bar, though?
I had a few hiccups to begin with but  now it's working as it states can't wait till the kinks are worked out for the  lock screen :)
Brilliant
Please update with option to disable notification bar visibility
Not....bad..... liked it.....
Great app
So going to uninstall it and thank you for making this ridiculous app
Its simply awesome lock screen.. Easy to handle.
Working great so far on my OnePlus. Will update soon to see if it deserves fifth star.
An awesome display for any phone!!! ^^
Rest of the things are OK.
Looks great but has a few game stopping bugs. One is if you hit the home button it won't bring up this lockscreen. It brings up the stock one. Also the notifications don't play nice for a lot of apps. EvolveSMS for starters. It just clears the notification. I can see it being a lot better when it's updated to fix these things.
Awesome replacement for all lockscreens
Needs option for a password when unlocking device or opening a notification; preferably a pattern.
He doesn't want to deactivate and he stak in my phone ? What I do ?
Great execution.
5 stars just isn't enough.I can't find the words to describe how awesome this lockscreen(if i could call it like that) is.Tried a lot of lockscreens but this one is the best so far,so if you hate your standard lockscreen like me search no further cause you found the best replacement for it.Highly recommended.
Excellent app. The only thing is that I'm using it as my Lockscreen. But if I press the home button it removes acdisplay and takes me to the home screen. Could you block this from happening that way my devices would remain locked?
Im on the Galaxy S5 and the lockscreen bypasses with the home button,  ane you should add like a passcode or pattern or something to unlock the phone.  Pleas3 take into recommendation
A great new approach for a locksreen! I have the HTC One and I didn't particularly love its lock screen. Once I found this, I never looked back, my only complaint is that irremovable notification when you pull down the bar. I hope that in the future I can get rid of it.
wont let me remove
An amazing app. Beautiful notifications on the lock screen done right, all for free. This app is amazing. Highly recommended. And, it drains 0 battery. Even with active mode set to be always on, it doesn't drain anything. However the lockscreen is a bit unstable, and often takes a few seconds to appear even with the xposed module activated.
I can't Uninstall it
Developer really put work in to this app. Donated in a heartbeat. Beautiful design. Clean minimal look. A security features would be a nice add on for future updates
Nice app
I prefer that the clock and other informations around it to be upper in the lock screen like when I open the app
The best one I have ever seen. Love it. Would provide 7 stars because it makes my phone look beautiful at the same time I can just take a peek at my notification. Thanks you Awesome Dev
The best lock screen of all. Thanks Dev
It provides something so simple yet so useful. The way it displays notifications is so straightforward. Easy to use,  doesn't seem to cause any problems at all either. Can't wait to see what could possibly be added.
Not good...
Loved the app
I've tried so many apps as a locker for my phone that honestly I couldn't name all of the locker apps,  that's how many I've tried.  I love this app,  is so smooth,  clean, and flawless!  it's even worth to pay for it (if there was a payment option)
Awesome lockscreen but please block home button and multi-task button Galaxy S5
Fantastic!
Everythings great except for the fact there is no security what so ever..what is it with 3rd party lockscreen apps just never adding security? Have a note 4 and even if I add a security type from my phones settings it makes this app useless so what is the point?
Si quieres una aplicacion sencilla,  util y minimalista, estas en el lugar correcto.
Good one
Moto X notification system was brilliant and to find an app that does almost that and doing that flawlessly is amazing
I just wish the lock screen were pass code or password protected.
The overoll quality and the standard of this app is beyond praise-able .... i just love this app but one thing which can make this app an alternate which is there is no options of shortcuts to apps ... pls update and it will be the best lockscreen of all .... :)
But please block the home button
Great app but but it doesn't lock home key
A very awesome lockscreen replacement that shows all the information I need. The active setting is awesome. I love taking my phone out of my pocket and having the lockscreen visible. Makes me feel like I have a Droid Turbo haha. Good work. The Xposed module should be advertised a bit more. It's a nice feature that ensures better functionality. I didn't know it existed until I installed the app.
Very useful and simple.
This is the only third party lock screen I've used that doesn't look or glitch like a third party lock screen. Something about it.. It's like Google made it. It's simple, functional and practical. Beautiful work.
Please fix for lollipop.
Just what i wanted
Please include settings like a pin or a pattern lock...
Not impressed when can't install app at all.
I'll donate, this app is perfect. Lockscreen now is very functional.
It's a great lock screen, I love the UI and the plain black background,  but I miss tools shortcuts (camera, sound, airplane,  flashlight), home button lock, and of course a security entry code. That would make it the best app.
This app is fantastic! The only thing it lacks is a camera shortcut.
Best app on playstore..loving it..find a bug though, when fullscreen mode is disabled, stil ther is a notification,that swipe down to exit fullscreen
Only problem is the lack of the ability to create a lock lock. Other than that, fantastic app. Does what it can do perfectly
I love the app it's functionality is great and keeps me up to date. The only thing that is giving me a problem is that I cannot disable the tooltip that sometimes pops up on the touch screen where you need to press ok to dismiss.
Great work! Keep it up.
Everything with this app is amazing, just one bug... When I get a notification and I want to open the app within the ac display app, it doesn't open... I have to unlock and then go to the app most of the times.
Notification access manager.   Awesome app, so much so went back in and donated to developer.
The only problem I have is that the clock font isn't the same one as the pictures shown. I can't find an option to change it either. Would love the option! Galaxy S4
I can't wait for android L and this app makes my notification feels like I'm using Android L. I can't say how much I love this app. It doesn't drain my batteries, it is very smooth. So far I have not stumble upon any problems. It's perfect. I have not change to my original lock screen since I downloaded the app. Good work Artem!
this app helped me so much iam so happy with it i havent see any bug its really amazing excellent  
I can't get the gorram thing to uninstall!
Took a long time to remove the app. You need to remove as an administrator first or you will never be able to remove it
I have 3 group chats on fb (popular) but when I'm trying to ignore it it keeps turning on and wasting battery. Could you make it ignore or not turn on after a number of notifications from the same thing?
I dont like it i camt deatived been having problems with that
Looks lovely and performs great. Only downfall is lack of security options
Good
It works okay. But I prefer the original functionality.
Perfectly designed for those u wasn't pure experience of Android .. Keep it up !! 
I'm using Xperia Z1 user here. The cleanest LS I've tried. I would love a pattern passcode in the next update
A suggestion. App should respect do not disturb modes. I had to disable the screen activating feature all together because of this on my M8. Otherwise great work!
Nice
Would be best if it had some security
Works perfectly fine! Love it!
Hey you port this app to 4.2 ok. Thanks.
Needs more customization options  such as widgets and DashClock would be great start.
Nice......
Almost perfect! Wish there was an option for a camera shortcut from the lockscreen.
Great concept and design, though I was planning to use it for daydreaming while docked, which unfortunately doesn't work all that well. Do still love this though, might use it as lockscreen at some point
This is the best lock screen ever love it! It would be cool if I had an option to put shortcuts
By far my favorite lockscreen in the Android universe. Looks and functions fantastically. Just wish pressing the home button wouldn't bypass the screen. Otherwise beautiful app. Kudos to the developer
Had been using widget locker for...AGES. Wanted a change, something familiar but different. Checked out this app. So far I really like it. Everything flows well and operates smoothly(unrooted galaxy note 3). The music player controls during playback are handy, especially while on the treadmill or elliptical. Would recommend...looking forward to seeing added features in the future!
Very beautiful... Best active lockscreen app for me.. Even I'm out of words.. Simply perfect :D
Love This App Only Thing Is That the tip bar Keeps Popping Up At Times Plz Fix On Next Update
Doesn't disappoint at all... Install with your eyes closed!!!! Moto g 2014 user!!
Option to disable the permanent notification would make it 5 star
Simply does what it claims, beautiful design and brings a whole new material to android. Settings are just personable enough to have flexibility but not too complex that it takes away the simple nature of the app. By far, one of the best apps for lock screen notifications
Awesome!!!
it has nothing new to offer... there are some faults also.. the home key unlocks the device, which it should not. And i would like the developer to add the deep swipe to lock feature as in snap lock
Best replacement lock screen ever
Music controls sometimes disappear.
Does not have an option to uninstall... wtf?!
Unique style for notifications.
Alarm will not ring until you manually unlock device.
Would be nice if updated to the lollipop theme
Really really good
I love this app and I've been using it for almost a year now. The only down thing is when I updated my phone to android 5 "lollipop", the app can not unlock the phone as usual.
Awesome
Works great since I downloaded this one
So stupid I cant uninstall this app, no way! It says u gotta deactivate it first but no place to do it! I'm ticked off! Make sure you say how to get rid of this or i will make sure that ur app gets out of playstore!
I like it better than the system active display on my N6. One issue though. I get 2 notification icons every time I get a text. In using Textra if that makes any difference
It's a great app great job and nicely designed , but still needs some work... Like a lock screen and some stability issues and I would give it a 5 stars.
I hated the permanent notification, but if you click the "help" button, it tells you why it is there and how to get rid of it. Great app!
Can't uninstall the app but it's a great app. Please help me...
Bt one prb when its nt active it runs in background...not good
No issues notifications work excellent minimalistic design. and works as advertised keep up the good work thank you.
The clock seems like it is a little bit lower than the middle of the screen when it should be a little higher
I have a pattern and when I go to unlock it the regular lock screen comes up then this one. Is there anyway to have the original one not even show up?
Would immediately make this a 5 star app. It's so minimal but still so very functional. Excellent app aside from terribly low res lock screen album art.
Brings back a taste of moto x with a nice little twist. I agree it needs the "breathing" fade.  It also doesn't display the notification text unless you touch the icons. However you can effectively browse amongst all your notifications, which is a notable improvement over Moto.
Gesture to open camera from lock screen would give 5 stars. Otherwise it's flawless. Best lock screen I know of.
One word-great!
Loved it so much :)
It just says access is not granted, turn the screen off, but when I do it nothing changes, it never works.
I don't get the home button problem, cus I turned on full screen in the settings :P I do get my phone telling me to swipe down to exit full screen though lol. Now that's annoying
I really like this lock screen option.  It is great on an AMOLED device for battery saving.  And I really like the Xposed Module to help it integrate better on a rooted device.  A few things I would like to see is the ability for the screen to stay lit when plugged in, so if I have it up in my car playing audio, I can leave the lock screen on with the controls and media display (which is awesome that it still shows through on KitKat) without it timing out or having to leave it unlocked.  The other little issue I have is getting the constant persistent notification to go away.  I have disabled that in the AppInfo area, but it comes back from time to time, or after a reboot.
When turning off the screen the phone requires the password immediately after locking, even with the setting for "lock after 5 minutes" on
The display was beautiful but the problem I was having was it popping up as soon as I pull it out of my pocket. For some reason it wouldn't work even though I restart the phone and everything. Try to also set as lock screen and that would not work as well. Disappointed
Loved it....
Finding this tweak from more times thanks a lot.
Nice concept....
If you want notifications on your lock screen this should be your first pick
Really love it. Flawless. Can you add option to unlock with pin?
To say this is the best lockscreen app on android is still an understatement.. Developer killed it
One of my favorite apps! Looks great.
Only issue is active mode not working for xperia z3. Is there a setting that needs to be changed?
Awesome but one small issue. The wake up lag -__-. EVERY third party lockscreen has this issue. I disabled my animations to alleviate the lag but it has no effect. Can you somehow make it instanteously lock? I hate seeing my home screen after locking
Really like the added functionality this lockscreen brings! Would be great if the album art displayed was the higher resolution that Google Music actually uses.
Wow
it's clean and easy but i still missing some luck screen shortcut
Perfect
Would be wonderful if it had its own pin function setting, because when used with an actual factory pin you have to unlock the notifications bar and then the actual phone itself. May only be a nexus 4 problem
The best
All it needs is a camera shortcut, weather, and to have an option for which apps light up the screen and it would be perfect.
Great app does what it says. No issues
already using it since the old (depreciated) version. but how to remove the acdisplay from dropdown list?
Use this on my S3 and Tab3.   Extremely stable and smooth with many features w/out having to unlock your screen.  LOVE IT !!  USE IT AND YOU WON'T GO LOOKING ELSEWHERE... And is also light on the ram usage as well :)
Cant you guys add some lockscreen option , enter a pin like iphone locker ? For security + privacy , its very usefull , and btw love your apps keep up the good work .
the best
Tried Widget Locker with Dashclock on the M8 and was never satisfied. This fixs every issue I had with dashclock and more. So simple, looks amazing, best of all is that it actually does what it says it does.
Missing pin lock functionality
Works well. But doesn't support notifications for viber messages.
Do an update for the lockscreen
That's what I love when i'm on kitkat.  Thanks :)
Very sexy app.... Works better with gravity sensor app... Moto g users can turn their phone into moto x... Awesome
Need an option to set custom wallpaper.
Tons of features.
Best lock screen out there
Having multiple whatsapp icon is pretty annoying.. I would appreciate providing this as an option. Thanks
This is currently my lockscreen but I have the issue with the home button. Resolve that and its gonna be a 5 star rating.
Won't turn on my screen. Meh
On my Xiaomi Mi3, when there is an incoming call, the device does not wake up. Otherwise, an amazing app. Would have given it a 5 straight up,
By hand across at the top of screen to light screen.
It looks pretty and neat but unfortunately does not work with Bluetooth unlock, double tap to wake in Xperia with pattern unlock
I can't deactivate and uninstall...
Would love to see customization options regarding fonts, margins, placement and unlock swipe distance. Also, I'd like to be able to hide/change the "countdown dots" and display the time as "05:00" (24h style) and not "5:00" (12h style).
Very minimal. Perfect!
Needs deactivation before I can uninstall it but can :-( not happy, sort it out.
Love it
I love it but the only thing that's missing is security options. Everything else works flawlessly, just as it would if it was a stock lockscreen
Only issue is that there is no clock when music playing for some reason. Other than that great. Edit: there is a small clock, prefer a bigger one like on lock screen.
The greatest app of this type.. Would be 5 when we could put security lock
...after a day of use, I have realized that it's the application that drains the battery the most, up to a 24%, which I think is unacceptable for an app that doesn't even have to sync data in the background. All in all, I have had to uninstall it.
I would like the option to remove 'AcDisplay Services' from my notification bar. Other than that the app is great.
The notification access on lockscreen is superbbb
Its great app i love it but it will be better if add its own lockscreen password
Best lock screen notification app out there
Very nice way to get your notifications. Can't decide if this or dynamic notifications is better, they both have their pros. Would be great if the notifications would stay on the lock screen until you dismiss them. Definitely donate! EDIT: doesn't run well on Lollipop. -Nexus 6
Best
However, support for a custom background would be really great!
Should have its own lockscreen passcode
This app is crap
Minimal and sleek design
This app is awesome with an interface that is clean, minimalistic, simple, and very classy. So far I have not have any problems with it, it runs very smoothly and there are no glitches or lag, thank you for making this!
Even with the several flaws AcDisplay has, namely a few occasions when the native lockscreen resurfaces or the fact that the app is missing some customization options, it earns five stars hands down. The minimalist interface is absolutely beautiful (trade Touchwiz for it anyday) & was exactly what I was looking for for my Note 4's large QHD display. Highly recommend. The only thing I'd suggest is the option to set any picture as the lockscreen background, as opposed to just mirroring the home screen one.
I really like this app and it's mininal nature. Kindly add the security feature to it to make it perfect. Thanks.
I love how simple and smooth this app is, but my main concern about it is that I don't really feel safe. I will definitely feel safe if you will be adding pin, patterns or any locks but still with the simple feel to it. 
thanks for making this awesome app free for everyone and have a donate button instead. Too bad I'm underage to own a card but I'll promise to donate every month when I can finally have my own card!
Had for almost a year. Works great, and the new update made it even better! Just hate the constant par on my notification drawer. Hope you can remove that soon 
No media controls, camera access, or security functions let down an otherwise abnormally beautiful lockscreen.
But please add button to turn on/off proximal sensor its drain my battery life
Best lock screen for HTC one m8
This app is both visually pleasing and useful at the same time. The "Active Mode" also works like a charm!
Why doesn't this work on my S5 ???....
Exactly what is missing from Android!
This app really works well. It does what it says and does it well. The lock screen of the app is so clean and minimal. I'm tempted to replace lollipop lock screen with this. 
Love this app.Goes well with my Samsung i727 and doesn't drain the battery life. The only problem I have is the home,back,search and settings' buttons are active even when the phone is locked. I hate it. please fix this!
Very good
Reliable,  fast, smooth...  But no camera shortcut.  Opening camera from lock screen very impt
It is the better app !!!!!!!!
Can I use a new wallpaper instead of the home screen one?
But i wanted to go back to the regular way and the app won't uninstall
Really clean and elegant
Really amazing new way of handling notifications and the lock screen. A definite keeper.
Replaced my old Moto X with a broken screen with a Moto G 2014+AcDisplay and it's great! Able to read more whatsapp messages than with Moto X native ActiveDisplay and no change in battery life.   Would be nice to have it working with the accelerometer in Moto G though.
Very satisfied with this app it works amazingly.id suggest anyone looking for a lock screen this is the one to get!!!
I tried AcDisplay out but it wasn't for me. I uninstalled it long ago (even disabled from settings / security / device admins) yet the lock screen appears randomly for no reason, waking up my display regardless of me receiving a notification or not. It's very strange. I'd like this off of my system entirely but I don't see any method for doing that unless I factory reset.
Trying to uninstall app but does not allow me to deactivate it and uninstall it do not download
Great look and functionality. Use it every day, only one problem. While my display is on, and I get a notification like a text, it will turn the display off and go to my acdisplay lock screen. Any solutions? Sorry if this has been mentioned before. Please help, just super annoying.
Looks great and works well most of the time. It will, however, randomly lock my phone when typing or browsing. Happens very often. If fixed, this app would be perfect!
Do not install this app. My friend installed and now I can't uninstall it @@
Great thanks so much
Love it
Stable. Smooth. Beautiful. No ads. An absolute perfect application. Kudos to you dev. Thanks a bunch.
I had to uninstall this app because it was using a large amount of ROM space and causing my battery life to depreciate, please fix this...
Best app
Im really dissapointed that u cant disable the active mode on the notification bar if the next update u guys could make an option to turn it off so it wont distract my notifcations please do this asap besides that this app is awesome TY
Really should charge for this. Makes me love my phone again
I love to use this as my lock screen, and is perfect for checking notifications!! However I have two suggestions: 1. Enable landscape mode as a setting/option depending on rotation sensor, and 2. Camera shortcut. Then it'll be perfect!!
Looks and feels great
i love this! my only issue is, when someone calls the screen goes black after a few seconds and the phone is still ringing.  I have to push my home button to see who it is calling, and it doesnt do a full screen incoming call.  other than that i love how smooth it runs, love the notification style as well.  Also maybe fix where the home button unlocks the lockscreen.
Is there anyway I can get the AcDisplay thing out of my notification bar? It freezes sometimes so I can't open my lockscreen
awesome lockscreen. Google messed up every 3rd party launcher on the new lollipop update because of the non removable swipe feature
Use it as my lockscreen and works great! The screen automatically turns on when I take my phone out of my pocket!
This app is beautifully designed and thought through. Unfortunately the lock screen effect doesn't work on the htc one m8
Beautiful and convenient!
Easy to use
Beautiful simple clean.  Works.  Stable.
It's a nice aesthetic, but unfortunately it locks up on my sometimes. It won't let me unlock the display. Nice app, lots of bugs.
Simple and Minimal..
Appreciate the prompt reply. Fault was mine,  didn't check the help section. So increasing the stars.  But still an advise, get rid of that persistent notification, I ll install again. Thanks.  Original text- Got annoyed by the persistent notification in the drop down bar.  Tried to uninstall it,  couldn't. So giving 1 star. Otherwise it's a nice app for the people who are not ocd like me and can bear with persistent notification. I will increase the stars if I can uninstall this. Phone is LG G2.
Works great most of the time, but it doesn't always activate the display when I open my case. I really like the interface, but the Active Display app that came with my Moto X activates more dependably.
No words can describe how awesome this lockscreen is
Would be great is a whitelist system was implemented.
clean n beautiful
Great app works flawlessly.. Definitely can vouch for its stability and being non-intrusive with natural phone behaviour. Well thought out and kudos to the developer!
Classy
It won't let my alarms work...
It works amazingly well. Edit: Request removed and star added. I understand developers have to deal with legal issues and this is one I don't want to have that happen to.
This app turns your device into a work of technical art. Everything an app should be: slick, minimal, practical, and functional. Keep up the great work.
In every sense possible. Recommend it highly.
Adding a security will be really nice. On my GS4 it looks better without stock lock screen with this app but I would love to have some security on my phone. Otherwise it's very nice.
Need some improvement however. Best notification lockscreen so far.
First of all, this app is really awesome and works perfectly with my z3. Thanks to the developer! However, there is an annoying notification pop up when unlocking screen teaching u how to exit full screen. It's okay to appear at initial start but now it shows most of the time. Hope this can be fixed.
   .   ,     .
Thank you for this beautiful simplicity! Lookscreen Background is the only feature i dislike  here. Please leave it user choice :))
Hey guys please fix this issue for Android 5.0, then will rock...
Awesomest app on Play Store
Great app, with great potential. Needs some more features, a little polishing and the ability to change your songs that you are currently listening to on apps such as Google Play Music.
It is best app
How can I uninstall?
This is the most Amazing lock Screen in my Xperia Z1 Compact
This lock screen is pretty much perfect with notification integration I love the animations, but my only gripe is the lack of security such as a PIN or pattern.
It's the best
Used to own a Moto X before getting my Oneplus. So I definitely missed the Active Display feature but this app is just about the perfect way to get that feature back! The only thing I feel that's missing is the "breathing" aspect that was a key feature in the Moto X's AC. hope to see that integrated soon!
Excellent work. Keep on going!
good but need improvements
Just a few things would make it 5 star-worthy. Please remove the AC Display services in notifications, as some others have pointed out. Alternative wallpaper for lockscreen, and I was wondering if there was an option in the works to fully disable the hardware buttons that unlock the screen? Looking forward to new updates.
Only hiccup is the default lock screen shows up every once in a while underneath.  Wish there was a way to not have AcDisplay as a overlay on top of the original lock screen.... Thanks for the awesome app!
My new favorite app. It's excellent. Smart, clean design, and exactly what it says it is. Designer deserves a gold star.
The only problem is the "Swipe down to exit fullscreen" message that appears every once in a while
I might hold off now that my phone looks so clean and new!  It really does make a huge difference with the lock screen paired with the MoonShine skin but I think it's killing my battery life.  Until they fix that issue and give me the option to remove the , "AcDisplay Services," from my notifications bar I'm giving it 4 stars. But it's honestly an amazing app. It's better than any lock screen out there.
Needs one update.. The ability to lock the home button when phone is locked and able to change the background
Beauty :)
simple, beautiful, and usefull.
Very useful
This has little to no effect on the performance. Very helpful!
Very notable flaw: I can bypass the swipe if I press the recents button. Would be better if it was an actual lockscreen replacement like go locker and the like. My homescreen also bypasses the app when i lock and unlock quickly. Otherwise, fantastic app.  Sent from my GS3 on CM11
Nice app. Very useful.  wasool.
Wow only lockscreen that works
Edit: i was able to successfully uninstall the app through the dev advice. Great app just not what i was looking for.                            Have tried numerous times to delete this app. App worked as advertised but I am uncomfortable that it will not allow me to delete the app. Using note 4.
My factory lock keeps randomly showing up and overriding ac display.
Love the app! But is there any way that I can remove the AcDisplay services in the status bar? Can't seem to find in the settings. Anyways, just a feedback.
"OK Google" doesn't wake phone up anymore. It opens under the lock screen but doesn't listen or wake phone. Also needs some type of security. Otherwise, great app.
perfect for me
I'd like to actually be able to lock my screen through this and It'd be great
This isn't just a normal lock screen ?
How can I uninstall it
Perfect lock screen app.
Moto x style --But it drains battery faster !!fix that!!
I didn't liked it... and now I can't uninstall it!!!!
I have been trying to get rid of this app for like a half hour. Keeps telling me it has to be deactivated. And I have been clicking the deactivation off the play store and just has me going in circles...
Beautiful design and it works well.
This developer really knows how to make a great app.....highly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Everything looks great, and what it does do it does well. Like others I get the 'home button to close' issue, but the main problem it needs security features, but once it's got all that a lot of people will give it 5* i think.
Managing Notifications is Butter smooth now with this active display app
Would benefit from adding it's own security.  Also keeps displaying the blue reminder that pulling down from the top gets out of full-screen despite clicking okay loads of times.
Very clean, minimalistic, and user friendly. Makes my device feel even more premium. I LOVE IT. Would be nice to somehow integrate a tap to wake or tap to sleep option. Also, when I double press my home button it goes to the default lock screen. Other than that this app is devine.
Really love it... :)
Santhu
Very very good
I just love on how simple yet massively beautiful lock screen  is I would like to say everything thing is there but just add a password within this lockscreen will do for me otherwise the perfect app
Its very stable compared to other apps in the app store and very smooth
It s cool
Amazing! It's so beautiful and stylish!
Very very cool app
Hello, I just wanted to say thanks for such an awesome lock screen replacement! I saw it on a technobuffalo video and had to try it and I'm very impressed. just a few things that need to be fixed/added and will be perfect. 1-the screen flickers once in a while while unlocking the device. I would say 7 out of 10 times it behaves perfectly. the other 3 looks glitchy and buggy. 2- needs a quick reply from an app like evolve SMS without leaving the lock screen like NILS does currently. and music scrubbing
Awesome
very useful for me.works well.
great lock screen replacement. just allow the ability to set a different wallpaper for the lockscreen than the homescreen and disable the ability to bypass the lock screen by pressing the home button (GS5). if this gets done, my rating will be 5 stars
Your apps have successfully found a permanent spot on my phone. I was skeptical, but I love how it works perfectly. Exactly as promised. Only thing I can ask for is security options.
Great app and works excellent.
Perfect in every sense BUT it seems to switch back to stock samsung unlock screen and I have to put the phone to sleep for it to go back to ac display. I really like this and would love it if this problem was fixed
I can't uninstall it,I keep pressing the deactivate button but nothing happens,someone help I have the Samsung s3
The app is freaking great. But i wish to have shortcuts especially camera
The app slows down my phone. And how the heck do yoy uninstall this??
No ambient display on the N5? No problem. AC Display fixes it. Two thumbs up, 5 stars.
Really Helpful aloooot !!!
Love the app. Saves me a lot of time as I don't have to unlock the phone to read notifications. Just one request, please add the ability to unlock with a short flick, I have to flick much longer which makes it quite annoying. Other than that, the app is wonderful. Thank you!
Could you please add password though! because I like security and this app together!
Best 1 am using it from a week and no bugs at all. Plz just provide short cut for camera and phone dialer
Plz tell me how to uninstall it.
I have an old phone and this is smooth for it
It's a pretty good app except for the seemingly permanent notification that's always there once the program is running. Wish there was an option to remove that but great app!
One of the best notifications app around. Great work!
This is the best lock screen I've ever used
This app is almost perfect. My only problem with it is the animation when unlocking. The screen goes white then unlocks.
This app works like a charm, it's clever yet simplistic
only needs a password lock
Waiting for lollipop compatibility
It is an excellent lockscreen but I think it lacks the ability to control the play and forward button while on Spotify. It would be nice if I can play or pause it but overall excellent app! Will definitely recommend it :)
"Swipe down from the top to exit full screen" occurs. Would be perfect if only this issue was resolved!
Fabulous function..great app..
Pin locking would be nice to have.
just wat i wanted
Very usefull app. Please improve lockscreen functionality and add option to disable hardware keys on lockscreen.
Switched from a Droid Turbo to a Note 4 and the only thing I missed was the Active Display. This abolishes that. Great addition to the Note 4. Only thing that would make it perfect would be a camera shortcut.
This app is gorgeous, perfect for the minimalist designer in all of us. Excellent options to customize, as well. The only reason this app receives 4 stars instead of 5 from me is because it leaves a static notification in the pull down menu that you can't swipe away and is super irritating. I like my pull down notification bar to be completely clear if I don't have any notifications, and I'm sure I'm not the only one.
I've used this app for few days now and I think it delivers what it says but I've experienced battery draining on my device after I activated this
Wonderful lock screen, but how to set it as default lock screem?
Lockscreen is amazing and works perfectly
Fantastic screenlock 
Great lockscreeen and notification service but there is no option to lock hone button and there is no option for setting a security either ... Do not download if phone security is your primary concern
This is THE smoothest lockscreen app I've used. But I noticed that unlock goLocker (my previously used lock app) I could hit the home button all I wanted to and it would stay in the lock screen. In this app if I hit the home button it well, goes home. Any way to fix this or updates soon?
Tired of having to unlock and view all your notifications separately using multiple clicks? This app is your saviour! Provides all your notifications in the lockscreen with one touch summary. It even uses the light sensor for automatic wakeup! Brilliant!
I love this lock screen replacement. I refuse to use anything else. But my only problem is the permanent notification. It's kind of annoying that I can't dismiss it, kind of like the power saver notification. Otherwide, its absolutely beautiful.
amazing apart from feature incomplete lockscreen and bugs
This app is so good it works perfectly its like it removes the stock lock screen completely which is a good thing it works way better than any lock screen replacement app and its just easy to use and if you could add custom widgets then it would be complete
La verdad que es una App que esta muy bien hecha, pero le faltan cosas como admitir otros lockscreen, poder cambiar el fondo de lockscreen, que las notificaciones sean independientes y la hora se pueda colocar en otro sitio, es decir, mas personalizacion. He perdido mi lockscreen porque este se pone por defecto. Gracias.
The app worked perfectly up until I upgraded my Nexus 5 to Lollipop. For some reason now my notifications show up twice when more than one arrives for the same app (creating duplicates) so I have two icons each time. I've disabled the app until there is an update with a fix. Would have given 5 stars if not for this annoying bug!
It would b nice if u could also make the screen light up wen I pick up my mobile (like ambient display on nexus 6)... :D
Can you please add secure lock functionality?
Cook looking and minimalistic
only works sometimes, and probably twice per day i encounter a bug that permanently turns my display off and the only fix i've found is to force reboot the phone by holding in the power button for 10 seconds.  all round it is a great app and smooth design, but i feel it needs some optimisation.
Awesome app for stock
I absolutely love my M8 running nova, but I hate the default HTC lock screen. I wanted something simple. So I disabled HTCs lock screen and turned this on, and it's perfection. I also use ambient mode so it's great when I pull it out of my pocket and all I have to do is slide anywhere to unlock. So good.
Really needs to have it's own security (Pin/pattern) implemented or be able to not have to navigate through stock lock screen. Also, direct actions (like reply on a text message) requires navigation through stock lock screen. Other lock screen notification apps don't require this.
Excellent
Very stable and works well on non-root devices. Would love to see landscape support in the future for use with my tablet! :)
Almost perfect. Much better than all the others, just needs customizable colors for the text.
I had this at 5 stars but ever since I updated to lollipop it has been acting up. If I get a text, I get two notifications for that one text and also receive one email notification per email. Each email notification is separate. So if I get 10 emails that would be 10 separate notifications (one per email), instead of getting those 10 grouped into one. Please fix this. I really did like the way it functions prior to lollipop.
Can't live without this app anymore. Well done
When i enables the lockscreen notifications, it works fine but if there is an incoming call the screen doesn't show anything only it rings, for attending the call i have to turn on the screen by lock button then answer the call. After uninstalling this app everthing works fine. Please fix this problem i like this app's lockscreen feature very much. Thank-you
Please add custom wallpapers
Just add an option to hide notification content and this app would b THE best!!!
This app is great. Every so often I try a different lock screen but they pale in comparison to this and I always return to this. So good.
Very cool app! I love active display but its ugly so AC Display adds some welcomed design. The only problem is that it doesn't' seem to work with my Moto X sensors.  This is a deal breaker since the Moto X doesn't have an LED.
Really nice app, makes my oneplus even more enjoyable than it was before
This app is fantastic. However, it'll wake up for seemingly no reason some times, and that really kills my battery. Samsung S5.
Happy so far for the most part! Home button glitch is annoying, 5 stars if you fix!
Needs wallpaper option + more themes.
It just needs the option of hidding it from the status bar
Amazing!
Otherwise great app! Let's me use a pin lock on my Note 3 bit still be able to read notifications without unlocking the phone (the Note 3 doesn't allow lock screen widgets when using a pin lock).
I LOVE this. It's not only functional but aesthetically pleasing. Needs security options though, block the home button from unlocking, the ability to add shortcuts like a camera and messaging, and brightness control, it's a little dark at times. Other than that, 10/10 for sure and would gladly donate or even pay for the app, it's totally worth it 
It is the app for me..just what i want..
Need passcode...
Can I get rid of the persitant notification in my pull down menu?
I have been using AcDisplay for a while now and its awesome and I love it. What I would like as a feature would be to have upcoming calendar events displayed on the lock screen if always ON lockscreen is selected. This would make an excellent addition to the existing features and am pretty sure others would be interested in the same.
It's the best app i ever seen
hey...could you plz add option to hide it  from notification menu...and if it possible to add double tap to wake...or may b like ambient display feature as in nexus 6,,,,
Can make it as default lock screen but it's buggy when we press the home sceen button.Highly customisable and crazy lock animations to read notifications
It has a issue,active mode isnt perfect,,,its inconsistent... It Doesnt work always......i mean it works in a ratio of 5:10...
Want to have a double tap screen unlock.
No fuss and works flawlessly.
This app is really good and the active mode has blown me away!! A salute to the developer
Amazing
Please add an option for using a custom lock screen wallpaper as well. It would truly help this apps ability for customization.
It's a very good app, love the UI, Love how notification appears, love the animations, thanks alot .
This is pure genius!
This app is solid. The lockscreen works well and it even has music controls.
....its just amazing and useful and very consistent and fast 
I love using this but I would love if you guys implemented a secure lock screen feature into the app. I have a pin on my phone but I have to use the one Samsung provides. Annoying but would love to see a more fluent experience with the pin/security implemented into the app!
The idea is very good.. The interface is really interesting.. But the app is a little buggy.. Sometimes it doesn't launch when turning the screen on and I land on the home screen.. And it also needs a lock pattern or pin system..do these things and man this app will become awesome!
Sensor features doesn't work with Moto G. Sensor screen wakeup only works when i am walking and i pull out phone from my pant pocket sickly.
This app is super slick and stable. I love being able to peek at my notifications. Home button unlocking the phone was disconcerting at first but it does take two separate presses to unlock so that's ok i guess. It would be nice if we could get rid of the constant ac display notification and use custom backgrounds.
Would be great to have a custom password/pin locker or as said below to have better integration with built-in system one
Love the app but needs an update for lollipop.
I like it but I'd like to be able to make more visual changes. In particular, the display is way lower on the screen than I'd like it to be. It's awkwardly sitting just below the halfway line on my HTC One m8
superb
Please add camera shortcut and this app will be perfect
Best one I've used and I've tried them all
I have waited a long time for such an app with minimal black lock screen and it is just the one to meet my needs and even doesn't take up much of the battery
Best lockscreen on play store
Using this app from the 1st day :)
Buddy please fix one thing it is most of the time showing the tip like swipe down to exit full screen, that is the only issue plz soon fix it n great work
Superb..
Please add a camera shortcut and allow us to choose custom wallpapers that are different from the home screen wallpaper
Screen stays black when pressing on whatsapp notification, plz fix to make background change t pesrons profile pic
Surprised and happy when I saw the music widget. 
There's a ton of lockscreen replacements out there, and most of them will most likely disappoint you like they did with me. However, this is th first lockscreen I'm not disappointed with! Elegant, simple, clean, light, fluid and easy to use! Everything works beautifully, the animations are smooth and great to look at, it actually works with your music, and it hardly consumes any power. This is the best lockscreen replacement I ever used! Highly recommend you give this a try!
Been looking for a good minimalistic lock screen and this is it!! Low memory usage + good performance :D
Battery hogger... It's really a good app but need some work with battery consumption.
Nice
This is a gorgeous app. Must have AMOLED screen or toy won't save battery life on led.
I love this app and I would give it 5 stars for it but it has a major problem with my HTC One M8 I can't unlock my phone normally from phone lock screen I had to send myself message in order for Active display to appear then unlock it from there so that i could enter my pattern code to unlock my device...  But when i slide to unlock it won't do anything and I will be stuck there until I receive new message... I hope you can fix it
I would absolutely LOVE this app, if it could launch camera, phone or other apps directly from the lockscreen. This is the only thing that is keeping me out of using it as my lockscreen...
Active mode doesn't work on Moto X. Upd. ,  .    1 ,   Moto x.       ,          AcDisp 
Great lock screen. A must try for every android user.
Working great on my Note 3. I've tried almost every lock screen and this one by far works way better. Also music controls work perfect. My only request would be to be able to change wallpaper. Apart from that its a keeper. P.S. lockscreen waking up by itself when pulling out of pocket working flawless..
i dont like it. how i uninstall this app? i go to application manager and the uninstall buton it's not active, i can't select it
I love it! Best way to see notifications. Only thing just wish there was some security
This is a great piece of work.. Really good. The active display works really well.. Its the perfect app for handling notifications with ease
Niiiice work.
Overall i think this app is real slick and cool but for some reason sometimes when i switch my phone on it already show my homescreen without showing the lockscreen. And would also be great if we could change the wallpaper for just the lockscreen. Using LG G2 by the way :) And also for some reason my Gmail notifications aint showing :/
One thing i would suggest is, it should show notification if the phone is picked up and viewed at certain angle irrespective of how the phone was placed.
Thankyou for such an awesome app.
Maybe add the functionality of using custom wallpapers? Otherwise outstanding.
Thanks in first for this app!!!
I like it a lot, works more consistently than Peek.
I love this lock screen and still, after months, appreciate its beauty when I unlock my phone.
Yeah, I like it .it's awesome.
The swipe to exit full screen prompt keeps popping up. Other than that it's a great and very pretty app.
But I would love the option for it to have its own wallpaper.
Love this app but unfortunately it does not offer any kind of security!!!!!
One of the best applications I've ever downloaded ...  Works as it is claimed.  Brilliant keep it up.
Beautiful App
Amazing.
Great app, does what it says and makes your life easy by providing a quick glance of the notification in a cool way. Highly recommended to download and use it. 5 stars from me.
Now the notifications appear to be multiple in lollipop pls fix it...
Pretty good, works first time every time. Nice when something just works.
The only place that needs it's improvement is its interaction with other lock screens. The transition from when you swipe to unlock to the lock screen not actually have the password enter spot. Oh and if you made it so you didn't have to drag it so far to unlock it if you could just barely flick it and I would unlocked. Even if you don't change that it's awesome.
Fix lock screen bug and will be 5 stars! Love this app
Elegant and useful
This thing comes up in the time I could push the power button and pull down the notification drawer. It even looks visually better!
This is by far my favorite lock screen. The only thing missing is security options, so I still have to have the default one running behind it. That could just be a limitation of android though, seeing as no lock replacements I find have passcode support.    UPDATE: With Lollipop on the Nexus 4, a plethora of errors show up: Multiple notifications do not stack as on KitKat, and sound and vibration on notifications is messed up. Because of that, My rating is dropping to a 3.
how can i uninstall this app??!?
Absolutely what I have been looking for this whole time! Thank you very much for this great app, simple and useful.
App doesn't load properly and when I have tried to uninstall the app it won't let me because I have to deactivate it.... shame the app won't let me do that either!!!! DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!!
Wonderful app.  Flawless performance and functionality.  I'm rooted and this app makes an incredible lockscreen. Would be nice to see locking options and custom backgrounds as upcoming features. I love the app and look forward to future updates.
Can not get it to uninstall...useless app
Its a really really great unlock screen and notification handling concept! But it would be great to have a screen lock i.e. a pattern or something so that it can replace the default lockscreen completely!
Great app but please give us the option to remove the display services from the notification bar... I use note 3
Besides the no custom wallpaper option this app is perfect! Works great and I don't have to look at HTC lockscreen anymore! Super minimalistic is what I love most!
Please block home button. And since some devices have recent app button, it should be block too.
Sometimes when I open an app notification it won't open at all... Otherwise it's a very useful app
Notifications from whatsapp and other chat messengers are being flooded on ac display. Previously multiple notification for the same application used to be clubbed together. Now I'm getting separate pop up for every notification. It really annoying. Please rectify this. I've been facing this problem since i upgraded to lollipop. Thank you.
Awesome app save my battery
Ace quality, every once in a while, it does have the default lock screen but usually only after rebooting and it only takes turning the screen on and off a few times to configure itself
This is exactly what I wanted. I do have one simple problem (Galaxy Alpha) - sometimes my original lockscreen shows up and sometimes it switches back and forth in just a few seconds as if it can't decide which lock screen should be working. Could be me, I haven't looked into it as in depth. Other than that, I love this lock screen.
Looks good but no active display support and wow uninstalling it is a pain.
Love it, works better than its competitors!
Can switch the phone to silent mode without entering pattern or password! I know lock screen is still in beta. This is a bug in beta!
Best one I've used
It works when u test it with its test notification but when a REAL notification comes in, my original lockscreen appears instead and the acdisplay is nowhere to be found. It doesn't work at all. Uninstalled it.
I have to say this is the most beautiful lock screen apps I have ever used. It is also VERY smart, easy to use, clean, visually appealing and has great settings.
I would really like a lock option,  live pass or pattern,  setting the default one to have security make your phone with two lock screen.  There is a huge lag with media control.
one of the best app
Could not bypass lockscreen on Android 5.0
It's a very awesome and good looking app. Very elegant as far as to they should have put this as the main factory home screen for the s5. There's only one problem when I lock the screen sometimes it goes to my regular s5 home screen then like 5 seconds later it goes to the ac display lockscreen and at some other time ( rarely happens ) but the screen locks itself idk if that's just my phone or what but the screen locks itself. But great job with this app it's an elegant app just needs some updates.
App doesnt works perfectly with nexus5 after lollipop update
It's cool and pretty and all but it messes with my PIN lock screen timeout
How do you take it off your phone
Could use a whitelist option, I would like to only have certain apps show up on this, but other than that, this app is pretty cool.
Great but when pressing home button it exits out of the lock screen.if you can some how lock the home screen this would be perfect
Stable, works as intended, all the time! As simple and minimal as it gets. If I can rate it 10 or maybe even 20 stars, I definitely would. Really good work, Artem!
Was a great app until I got the lollipop update on my Nexus 5. I use the Smart Lock feature in lollipop to bypass entering a PIN or pattern but if I try using AcDisplay as a lock screen it just keeps taking me to the regular swipe lock screen. Please make this work with PIN and pattern security because I don't want to stop using this app! Back in KitKat I used the Skiplock app to bypass my screen security (when connected to my smartwatch) in combination with this app and it worked flawlessly. Please fix!
A very useful app, but now that my nexus 5 has updated to Lollypop facing an issue :  Android L comes with it's own notification display which is similar to this app. With both these I get the same notifications twice. No point! Suggestion : I would love if I could customize the use of this app only to wake up my screen whenever I take it outta my pocket. Secondly, in case of a notification, if the app could wake the screen up and sync with the Android L notifications display, it will work wonders!
Dev isn't kidding when he flaunts the stability, performance, and reliability of this app. Works flawlessly for me. I'm rooted, so no home button use is great! Only thing I'm waiting for is custom background. But Dev updates often and is continually improving his app, so I'll be patient.
Been using it for a while now, but I really need some sort of security and goin from this to the stock lock screen is a nuisance. Will security/keypad unlock be a feature coming in new updates?
App is unable to bypass the lockscreen
Loved it
Cant uninstall...wthhh!!!
A few minor glitches like recurring "swipe down" notification mar the experience but still it is a great app.
the uninstall option is grayed out on my note 4 installers beware
First to start its a great lock screen launcher! But the home button not being locked is an issue, I constantly have to lock my phone due to it unlocking in my pocket.
Works very well, and I like the way notifications are arranged. Only thing I would suggest is to prevent the home button from exiting the lock screen and to allow another wallpaper for the lock screen besides the launcher's wallpaper.
By far the best lockscreen notification app available.  Galaxy S4. You've tried the rest.... Now try the best...
When you have the lock screen option enabled, pressing the power button should bring you to the AcDisplay lock screen more consistently and fluidly, just as if you pressed the home button. It's very inconsistent. Also there MUST be an option to block the home button.
Just the unlock shoud be a bit more sensitive.
Add security unlock options and a better unlock effect and this will rock. But easy five stars. Better than Echo Lock Screen IMO.
It used to be great on KitKat but it doesn't work well now with Lollipops new lock screen notifications. Example, while trying to open WhatsApp notifications, it just takes you to the stock lock screen and delete them. Improve it please
This is probably the most elegant and sophisticated implementation of notification and lockscreen I've ever seen. Probably even better than the default lollipop lockscreen.  However, there's still room for improvement. 1. Make sure that the nav buttons do not work in the lockscreen. Particularly the home button. 2. Try to make it work without a persistent notification. 3. Improve the unlock animation. It's ok, but it's not cool enough. If you can make it blow while fading out, that would be badass.
Slightly to much battery use.
Are you guys ever gonna update to support lollipop?
Annoying, can't uninstall
Best lock screen yet. Please get rid of the pop up "swipe down from top ", pops up regularly even after u hit OK. Also get rid of the notification , AC display services
I've tried other lock screen replacements but keep coming back to this one. Great interface and handles notifications as expected even with other apps like Pushbullet.
It makes my pin lock screen turn on with in a minute... when I have set for 30 minutes... Can also skip lock screen with home button. Fix those issues and add flashlight and camera shortcut this will be best looking lock screen out, Keep up the good work!
This is probably the best lock screen I have tried. Only problem is it doesn't have a pin lock
Have this on my moto g, like the feature where you take the phone out of your pocket and it turns on. I luv it
Best Lockscreen
Don't like the white screen that flashes when unlocking the phone.
I love the ability to touch a notification and get a preview of it. Seriously fantastic.
cool.. but needs upgrades
Xperia camera quick launch wont work while notifications are active
Great program, but after update to lollipop ac display cant unlock defaul lock screen.
Best on market!  To make it perfect 5 star please add swipe to unlock, or some option of unlocking interface.
Works great till KitKat. But it's showing some erratic behavior on Lollipop.   If an app has multiple notifications stacked into one (Like WhatsApp), AcDisplay shows one for each conversation. And on a Google Play notification, the app continuously turns the screen on and off, very rapidly.
Great app. Only problem is it shows "swipe from the top to unlock" notification every now and then. Please fix that bug.
Reinstalled & so far it works wonderfully
Gud one, works just fine :)
Download this!
The best. Recommended
great apps :) just like it :)
Fantastic
Constantly wakes my phones screen even after disabling that feature
Very useful
This is a fantastic app and is a must have! I actually prefer it over the native moto x app! Thank you!
Useful and feature rich. However, every now and then, it will lose security access to turn on the screen on my mtk 4.4 phone tablet
This is a great app one of the best to date. However, when I open notifications and begin typing a text for instance, after a couple seconds the app locks my phone and I have to unlock it again and continue to type my text. Mad annoying!
Keep up the good work..
pleae solve the problem for moto g where it continues showing the tip of how to swipe to get out of the lockscreen. it's driving me crazy !! otherwise is a verry verry good app. congrats to the developers
Works perfectly
Looks awesome.. Clean
Very nice and simple
Add an ability to disable the annoying "tutorial" that keeps popping up
Great aap,  only thing missing is the ability to lock the phone with a password or pin or pattern
When I see the ability to set a background for AcDisplay seperate from home screen wallpaper, app is getting basic add new things. then I'll donate & give 5 stars
Fantastic app. But can do with more config options, like size of notification icons, option to do away with the timeout bar, etc. Wouldn't mind some theme options as well. Can you include an option to disable the timeout bar or change its style?
It's awesome but can you please add an option for a custom background.
It won't let me please help I need it off . Please help
Seems to be working great on Galaxy Note 3.
Gud, but not so gud
Been trying different kinds of notification, but this one nailed it, works efficiently and battery friendly.
..Seems to interfere with Lollipop's  Smart Lock. Once a notification has been displayed, the phone asks for PIN whether or not trusted devices are connected. Pretty annoying. Also, the lock screen function loads up at least one full second after the screen has been turned on, which pretty much defeats the purpose! XD
A really useful app but with a bug. I use the One M8 and whenever active display is turned on with the lock screen disabled, i find that the dot matrix program (for the dot view case) runs every now and then, which is weird as i don`t use the case at all and from my experience drains battery.
Love this lock screen. Simple interface yet so useful as it bypasses many screen touches for the most important things. I do have one suggestion though, it's very minor: would be awesome that when you're paying music, it displays album art in a blurred background just like your normal wallpaper
This is the best app i ever tried. It is even better than the one that comes with my custom ROM (Pac-Rom) ! To have this always work, you need to go to the setting and enable it (active) and set lock screen to active also. It will then override your normal lock screen. Best wishes!
Definitely lessens my moto withdrawal. Could you please implement a random option? I don't put my phone in my pocket. It seems proximity sensors are the only ones being used. Thanks.
One glance and you see important notices. Preview emails, SMS or other notices or dismiss those that aren't important without unlocking. As for the home button issue, when using Google now launcher the home button brings you to the launcher's lockscreen. Not bad but it should be disabled as suggested by others.
Get this off my phone NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow I am so impressed on how this works. Works like active display on moto x but you don't even need to have a moto x.
It sucks  dick
HTC One (M7).   ,   .    No lock.   ...      AcDisplay      .
Exactly what I was looking for. Hope one day we can replace security lock screen with this completely. Now it is a double process.
can't wait for the final version.
Seems to "explain" notifications better than a blinking LED
Just perfect!
I have an lg g2 and I've tried so many lock screens and I just keep going back to this one..... I'm gonna stick with what works!
Really nice lockscreen replacement. Not buggy at all. Only problem is the pop-up about swiping to get rid of full screen pops up every time. It's a really annoying flaw to an otherwise beautiful app (would be 5 stars without it). Hopefully pin or password support? That would make it perfect
Should be able to have seperate wallpapers for Lockscreen and homescreen
All in all grt app but please fix the lock screen beta as soon as possible .... Else no issue ...
Its so simple and nice. I really love this app. Especially the lock screen animation. Adding a security (pin or pattern) would make this like the best lock screen app!!
brilliant
Would be perfect and rate 5 stars if it has the security password for it.
Far better than similar apps use less ram and battery. But I think no more feature will be added developer not updating app since August
I love this app. Makes looking at notifications at a glance so easy. And opening the notification you want so easy.
Lock screen is still in beta .device doesn't wake up sometimes. Hoping for updates soon for Lock screen module.
An update incorporating the android L phone and camera toggles on the bottom of the screen would be a great option to have
It's an great alternative for those who don't own a moto device compatible with active display... Though with Android Lollipop rolling out it's ambient display may put an end to these apps, so u gotta work hard to develop it to compete with the Lollipop feature.
Wonderful application works well. I really wish I had the money to donate, cause I would help you get that notebook you want.
One of kind lockscreen. Simple and unique. Suggestion would be the ability to view it on landscape mode on smartphones and to change the wallpaper.
A+. 1 small bug, after a hangouts or SMS received in hangouts is shown in acdisplay it removes the notification from the notification bar which can be annoying as you don't know you have received the message if you didn't use your phone for a while.
Love it. It will be better if you add more in unlock screen function.
The home button unlocks the screen and it is kind of annoying.
Absolutely love the lockscreen! But..... I would love if you made an option for changing the wallpaper for the lockscreen itself. So you don't have to have the same wallpaper as the home screen.
Great!
Works 90% of the time. Annoying notification pops up a lot. Other than that it's great and worth a download.
For whatever reason, this is the only lockscreen that works 100% of the time on my phone, and is always there when I turn it on. Aesthetically, it's very simple, yet appealing. I thought I'd apply my background, but I actually prefer the solid black b/g. It saves battery, and looks slick against the time and notifications. Functionally, everything works in a very simple but cool way. No complaints. Absolutely perfect. Also, with the G2, you can still knock on and off with this lockscreen so there's that too.
As above. The developer is killing it. Keep up the great work!
Would give 5 stars but half of the clock is cut off. Note 3
Loving this app. Recommend it to everyone
How to uninstall
Perfect
Why anyone would ever use a different lockscreen after trying this one out is completely beyond me.
However active mode doesn't work on my Note 3. Screen turned on once when the notification arrive and that's it, no periodically flashing afterwards.
Great app
This is not done...i cannot uninstall d app...i dont want this forcefullness...tht s d reason m giving less stars.....improve this  n uninstall mine..il use it wenever i want then ill gv gud rating .....thanks for ur prompt reply and help me uninstall it....i will install it wenevr i want and if ne problems i will let u know......thnks appreciate it.
This is great lock screen and I love this simple design. But a little silly moment when I press home button, it return to home screen whereas it still locked. So please fix it, thankyou
On my S3: Dont get notifications from gmail pushbullet weather or sports. Does not auto wake. Does not replace lock screen but adds another so i need to unlock it then my lock screen.
Lock screen and it works best in moto g  2nd Gen
Great
I agree with everyone. Home button be blocked. Also i wish there's a setting for screen fade out animation.
I've only had this for one day but I'm really impressed by first how easy it was to have this working and second how well it works, third it just looks amazing.
please tell how to unistall the app. Its displaing the message that please deactivate the app first. Please tell how to deactivate the app.
Nothing beats the AcDisplay Locksreen and the notifications. Honestly nothing. Not even the deprecated AcDisplay!
Didn't work and now I can't get rid of it.
Only thing I wish to be better is the "Full screen" message that comes up sometimes. Otherwise flawless!
Omg This is truly the best app...Thnxx A Lot Dev...Keep up the amazing work...may god bless u (and i really mean it) :)
Simple yet effective. The lock screen meets all demands.
Loved it
Hello,  I think the level of this app will surely rise if it happens to work like glance . the notification idea is awesome it really has an awesome interface but the screen turns off in a matter of seconds . Can you please add this mod so that the screen never tuns off . thank you
My phone keeps randomly rebooting, and the little help message keeps randomly appearing on the lock screen. I'd really like to uninstall this app, but I don't seen to be able to. Why can't I deactivate the app or do a Force Stop on it? Please fix this.
Love this little app!
Better than the original pa Peek which at times does not work.
Superb!
This app not only works great, but it looks even better
My note 3 started rebooting randomly (maybe once a day) after I installed this app.  I used it for months but got sick of the phone rebooting.  I uninstalled it and haven't had a reboot since.
Simple and clean. works great!
Great app and would be even better if u could block the home button.
app is absolutely nice but the main issues are 1.The security(when we press the home button, it jst simly unlocks the device)  2.Text messages(doesn't show text messages like others)  3.lockscreen unlock design was very poor.. jst modify these things...U will surely get millions of downloads.. nd its also important for u to publish ur app..so for that u hav to attract customers by ur offers which trends at present days... all d bst..:)
Great alternate lockscreen.
I have 1st gen Moto X, and I have one issue with this app. Because this app takes the entire screen, I have to get rid of a "Swipe down from the top to exit full screen" dialogue box almost every time the screen lights up. is this fixable on my end or yours? I just want it gone! Love this app otherwise, thank you AChep!
Great app, one small issue that is really annoying: the "exit full screen by swiping down from top" prompt keep coming back after clicking ok every time it comes up. It seems to come back at least 6 times a day.
The lock screen is perfect, the only problem is that it drains battery
This lockscreen is Amazing, its exactly what I need but please lock the home button and maybe a shortcut to the camera
I jus loved it but need an update with more stability n bug fixes
By far the best lockscreen replacement without question
Really nice app for notification .and also it will have good future
This application is really good, very smooth, and responsive. But what it lacks is the lock screen feature to open the camera and possibly shortcuts for other applications. If those are added, this will be the perfect application for the purpose.
It is WoW!!
Horrible
Once it is installed you are stuck with it forever
Would love to have more options for wallpapers
1. Adding shortcuts to apps  (camera for example).   2. Unlock animation is really bad.  It looks cheap.  I really don't like special effects and other similar nonsense but a neat fade out /in  would be nice.  Also the white circle where you touch needs some work.
So far it works great and looks awesome. I think they should add the option to set the background as something different than your home screen, and one to remove the permanent notification. Otherwise really great. Add lock screen.
Before some recent updates turning off the full screen option prevented the swipe down for full screen notice that continually pops up. Now turning off the option doesn't seem to do anything at all. Nexus 5 on Kit Kat 4.4.4
I love this. It's minimal and beautiful. But I would like an in-built pattern or pin option. Much appreciated.
Plz add custom background support not just the home screen background... Thanks in adv.
Just now I installed in my Sony c3 I love it so much and pls make another app for jelly bean 4.2.2 users it's my request to u
Jus love the way the active mode works when you take the phone from your pocket, amazing!!
Love it so far - looks nice and polished, works well, intuitive. A camera shortcut would perfect it, in my opinion.
Love the look and design. Just missing the ability to have a separate background from the home screen, otherwise amazing!
Not able to activate even after several attempts.. Previously working like charm on miui 5. So sad. Plz dev fix this bug..unhappy to give such an awesome app one star.
The most beautiful lock screen app i've seen by far. And i've tried plenty of them.
It lags a little bit when im unlocking my phone and the major problem is that the home button can unlock this. Please fix this and i will give 5 stars. It is a very good app by the way but until this is not fix yet, i wont be using this app. Thanks
I always wanted an active display system on my S4 mini just like the moto x does.. And this app has given it all! But there is one problem though - the app behaves just like any other normal application.. Once the home button is pressed, the phone unlocks into the homescreen.. Kindly fix this issue as mentioned by other users as well!
Finally...exactly what i wanted...this lockscreen app is on my phone to stay 
Pattern or passcode lock please. Love the lock screen just need to be able to lock it! Other than that all good.
Highly functional.
Really like the animation when unlock the phone
Can you guys add music somehow on the lock screen other than that great app
It's a really great, I use a Sony xperia SP and I have two problems, one is that when I put it to sleep the lock screen goes to my original and then after a few seconds it goes on the acdisplay please fix!
I am one of "those" people that always roots my phone so that I can get customized notifications. This app is fantastic "out of the box"!
I'd say this app is absolutely stunning, light weight with supreme simplicity, love it!!
Cant uninstalllllllllllllllll
just lock the home button...
Thanks best app .
It doesn't let me deactivateit to uninstall it
it wakes up on my home screen instead of the AcDisplay lock screen. HELP
My only complaint is that there isn't an option to use 24 hr time. Is this something that can be added? Otherwise perfect ! Thanks
Minimal design. Sleek. Thumbs up for you man. I keep it at 4 stars for more features
It is pretty but found the 'swipe to unlock' not responsive. And then trying to directly go to messages also difficult. Other apps I've used are more responsive. (Using a google nexus 5)
This App needs some  polishing ... the swipe down to remove notification  is not working as mentioned .... pls make this App work well... its a gr8 Idea...!!
Best lockscreen replacement app!!! Just add security option like pattern!!
Works perfectly, i found it more stable than other lockscreen dedicated apps
The best one I ever tried. Not a big issue but try to make the artwork a little less blurry
Easy and simple app
Simple yet very intuitive.
I recently purchased the pro key for this and I am enjoying the nice little upgrades. I really enjoy that the app is great at the free level. It functions very well and completed my android's theme.
I have seen lots of programs like this one. But this one is the most stable and functional lock screen. At first I doubt it will not work with both slide lock and acdisplay lock, yeah surprisingly it worked :D Well done dev, there is no bug I have noticed so far. Also if anybody wonders it works with many music players including SoundCloud and it displays Artwork in background.
On the lock screen, the blue dialog box that pops up that tells you to swipe... won't stop coming up and when its up I have to hit "ok" for me to be able to do anything on the lock screen. Why does this stupid blue box show up "all the time!"?
All about this app is amazing. Only if you disable the home screen button (if you set it as a lockscreen) it would be a flawless app.
No better app for lockscreen notifications and touchless control on the same ! Malfunctions only with specific apps and that too once in a blue moon ! Great work !
This app is simply amazing..  You should add app shortcut option and font changer then it would be perfect..  Kudos to developer..
I like the app except for the daily screen of death. The only way to turn it back on is to receive a phone call. I've tried to contact the author multiple times with no reply....
Right. Don't download.
Just awesome. This is by far the best lockscreen on Google Play, looking even better than the Android Lollipop Lockscreen, which features "Material Design". Great work!
its only missing PIN Code compatibility for encrypted devices... can you add this feature please ?
The visible notification text is almost always partial - unless I unlock the screen I cannot read the full notification. There isn't a text size option yet. Please add this feature and get 5 stars from me :)
I love this app, except for the fact that the ongoing notification is always there even though I have hid it in the app settings. It is really annoying to have to disable it every time I turn on my phone. Please fix this asap.
The dynamic background change is impressive. Very neat
Please add support for wake up by gravity sensors
Brings moto active display-like awesomeness to non moto devices.  Very handy. Very rarely you find an app that changes the way you interact with your phone on a long term basis. Cannot live without now. Well done.
This has to be the best app if you want the same "active display" that moto has. However, with the full screen mode in KitKat the prompt that comes up explaining how to get out of full screen mode pops up almost every time I turn on the screen blocking the notifications and ruining the experience of this beautiful app.
Luv it
Works great..
Awesome app
App works great! I love having my notifications screen and my lock screen be the same, and the transition from lock screen to app is easy on the eyes. If you want a secure lock screen, this app doesn't have the option yet. Only thing I can think of that I'd love to see is a "breathing" option to bring the screen back on after a certain amount of time since the last notifications was shown.
Great lock screen! There's a lot of bugs though. When I receive a text, it will show up on the lock screen where it should, but it also shows the big box to respond to texts. I can unlock the lock screen just by hitting the home button, and the lock screen sometimes doesn't show up. It's a great lock screen. Really fun to navigate, but it has so many bugs that it takes away from the fact that this is a new lock screen.
Best app! Love it!
I simply love it !!! I highly recommend it, gives you nice functionality, and great visuals when it comes to lockscreen.
Really beautiful lockscreen but one thing that really makes me wanna change, is the message about full-screen that appears almost every time. It tells me that I can swipe down from top to exit full-screen or something like that.
Simple, useful, and pretty
really pretty lockscreen, but I can't have no security pattern on my phone.  this would be my default if there were some way to lock my phone.
I love this lockscreen, it looks great and works perfectly. The only thing that bothers me is that the notification that indicates the lockscreen is active, always has to be present in the pull-down notification bar. Please make this optional and I won't hesitate giving you 5 stars.
Adds class and innovation to my phone as a lockscreen. Keep up the great work!
Clean, simple, and effective; and active mode saves my power button!
Very nice interface, very fluid. Everything about the app is awesome. Just wish you could put a password.
i hate apps like this you can't uninstall this so don't download this
One of the better apps in the play store. This changes your life when it comes to notifications.
Awesome..!
It's a beautiful app but slows down the device
Awesome but can make the lockscreen unlock animation to look transparent throughout the tapped unlock region just like g2 or g3 like unlock screen animation? Anyway thanks.
Does exactly what it says, and with a minimal hit on battery and RAM. Love active mode, and the subtle dynamic backgrounds behind notifications are really nice.
Thanks
everything is good. the lock screen is too simple, NEEDS widgets.
My only suggestions would be to show the alarm clock set time and a camera shortcut on the lockscreen.
Nice and minimal, very classy and thoughtful design.
Some issues with leaving notification on status bar. After having seen the notification and cleared it. G2 V220 stock 26A firmware
This app does not wake up the device when I receive a call.  I use xiaomi MI 3.
Exactly what I was looking for. Simple and clean. HTC's lock screen peeks through in certain situations but it's not often and other apps usually trigger it. Highly recommend this. EDIT: disabling the HTC lock screen fixes that issue.
Won't let me uninstall
Stock 4.4.4 kit kat unfortunately I don't think the phone has a physical sensor anywhere aka like the moto x possibly defeating the purpose. I will toy with it a bit more cause it looks very well written and designed by the developer .
Its all same like moto x feature's
A must have tool...
If you like having a minimalist yet super functional lockscreen app... look no further
Superb app. It could be even better if you add feature like "Double taping on locked screen to show notification screen"
!
very comfortable application +5
Looks like it is really good, thanks!
Pleas fix this because I need this app so much thanks!
Innovation
This is awesome. Gives me that moto x feeling
Awesome, beautiful, usefull, great support and well developed. U guys are unbelievable. Best wishes. Keep it up 
Blurred lock screen wallpaper that sharpens itself on unlock please and its five stars. Great app though
Only 1 thing missing, which is to be able to remove the app notification from the notification bar. Otherwise the perfect lockscreen apparently.
App works amazingly well. Really enjoying the animations and full-screen album art but is it possible to add an actual form of security so I can use this as my only lockscreen? I mean anyone can swipe it away and get into my device
It'd be even better if you could 1) make an option so we can make this the default lock screen with some security options like patterns and pin and 2) let us change the wallpaper
Good one . .
In lock screen this three button still active.please fix it
Awesome lockscreen, pls add a disable home button feature :)
Absolutely wonderful. Very very useful!
The best i've ever tried
Cool App
Sucks
Broz... U guys are just beyond awesome....  Love this app very much...  Just what we needed. Works 100% perfectly on my Moto G2
This active display is working great on my lg g2, it's my new favorite app, I have the moto x phone for awhile And the active display was my favorite part of that phone. This app works just as well. Very impressed. Thank you.
Excellent!
I loved this app,  it's simple and beautiful. the problem is that every time it is showing me the the blue tip "swap down the top to exit full screen". This should appear only 1 time and never more,  but it is almost always showing in my nexus 5
Need pattern or pin lock
I can't uninstall this application. It won't let me. The option to uninstall is there, but the button is "greyed" out. Someone please help.
This lockscreen looks absolutely fantastic, but after a couple hours with it my phone would randomly restart and get stuck in a loop :/ don't know if it's a problem with CM11... But uninstalling AC display fixed it for me unfortunately
Definitely will give this 5 stars when it works properly. And will probably donate bc it is exactly what I'm looking for. My issue so far is it isn't even showing my notifications on the lock screen. I have to unlock and then find them like normal in my notification panel. It doesn't light up like it's supposed to when a new notification comes in. G3 native lock screen is the worst ever so I cant wait for this to work properly.
Snap Lock is better than its
It will be great if we have security for unlock.  Maybe i'll donate dude, after i have google wallet this month. Not much but, i appreciate your jobs.  And 1 more, touching home button allows you to go to the home screen. Is it bug or something?
Notifications,  beautifully designed and effective. Google take note!
I would love to use this as a 3rd party lockscreen. If you add in password lock and all those jazz, I would buy a pro version in a heart beat.
The only gripe I have is that the unlock functions is a little buggy... You have to swipe multiple times to get it to unlock, then sometimes it just takes you to the default lock screen of your launcher. I can live with that though, the benefits far outweigh this drawback.
Worked well until it suddenly said "notification access not granted." However, it still has notification access and there isn't an easy workaround to make it work again.
Active mode doesn't seem to work on Oneplus One, but other than that 5 stars!
Needs to block home button on lockscreen. And also I hate extra notif icon but I don't want this app getting killed. Otherwise, it's perfectly minimalist. I really like it.
Absolutely amazing.  I had been using stock android lock screen for ages thinking, "This is good enough" without much thought to if there was anything better.  I stumbled across this while browsing the play store and I am so glad that I have!  Its beautiful, easy, and does exactly what I want it to.  My ONLY gripe is that on occasion when I wake my device, I will see the stock lock screen for a second before it switches to this.  I wish that it would go straight to this lock screen 100% of the time.  I'm not sure if there is a setting I can alter to change this or not, but its an extremely minor gripe about and otherwise perfect app!
Love it.
Simple & clean
This app is absolutely the greatest thing ever and I'm in love with it. I'll move this review to six stars if you allow me to use a seperate lock screen background and not just my home. (So the girlfriend doesn't have to be both)
Thought this would work like moto display on my moto x for my n7 but it doesn't respond when I pick it up so no point.
Keep popup lock screen in full screen mode. After press okay next time will still show up. Fix will give 5 star
This is awesome! But there are two issues that I've found. 1- Every once in a while it won't let me actually unlock the phone and I need to turn off the phone to fix it. 2- The home button isn't blocked like it is on other lockscreens, meaning that you can hit the home button and it unlocks the phone. Which can be pretty annoying, like if it unlocks in your pocket. If these two issues were fixed it would be perfect.
The swipe anywhere to open function doesn't always work on my s4. I can always swipe down to ignore notifications but can only get them to open about half the time
Nice
I've been looking for a sleek and intuitive lock screen replacement for a long time and this is really close to perfection! I have two requests for you, though. 1) Please, make it optional to remove AcDisplay services from the notification bar. 2) Please, integrate a PIN lock that has the same splendid design the lockscreen has. Keep up the good work! :)
Perfect. Period. Nothing more to say
One of the cleanest lockscreens I've used. Love it. Only fault is unlock on double press of home button, fix and it's 5 stars.
Its the cleanest and most streamlined lockscreen app I've used. Bug reports in early stages were quickly responded to by the Dev and it's great today. The only gripes are that Active Mode isn't the most functional, and music playback wakes the screen ever 2 seconds (no exaggeration) when there are multiple notifications. Turned Active Mode off and dismiss notifications while music is on and I'm fine. Motorola Droid Maxx - 4.4.4.
now i am oled....
an issue is there , when uh get any notification and while i am opening by swiping up it dosen't opens sometimes , plz plz fix my issue.
Superb job done
Infinite systemui crash loop met with an inability to uninstall this app leaves me very irritated.
You just to now make a launcher !
The best app on the market for lock screen notifications. Download - Love - Donate. I would like some options for the unlock animation. Please remove "AcDisplay Services" from notifications. Also if you get a notification and lock the screen you get the blue tutorial popups next time you wake the device and every time after that until you unlock and then lock the device again. Hopefully you get these bugs fixed in the next update. Failed to setup in-app billing service for donations.
I wish you could answer whatsapp without open it , same for call not answerd etc..
Home screen button disables the lock screen. Will give 5 star if this is solved.
Noisy app notification about slide up to open...
Add pattern or pin for security:)
Minor bug causes phone to always immediately lock after screen turns off, ignoring system settings. Also just needs the ability to select your own custom wallpaper. Otherwise, great app!
Fix a security. Then I'll donate. As of now I'm only using it while charger is connected. Too much hassle with first this lock then the standard one with pin.
Superb
Beautiful enough that it's a very good lock screen replacement, and it functions like a boss. Music compatibility is a great big plus too. The only problem I have with it is that the home key overrides the lock screen. Make an option to disable that, please. Other than that, thumbs up!
This is probably one of the most aesthetically designed lock screens and is probably going to be one of my favourites! Only things I wish the app has is  the ability to add shortcuts at the bottom of the screen and show internet connectivity. There is a small issue when I use this with the stock lock screen. At times, when I turn on the phone screen, it shows the stock lock screen for a few seconds before AcDisplay lock screen appears.The only reason I'm using the stock lock screen along with AcDisplay is because of the lock screen unlock effect it makes, so if AcDisplay has an unlock effect then that would be perfect!
What can I say, this is the simplest and minimal looking lockscreen
When I'm on WiFi the lockscreen works just fine, but when I connect to 4G it locks up and won't unlock my device.
Very useful, very slick, very simple
Works great even on my slightly older phone. It looks smooth, saves battery on my AMOLED screen, and plays nice with Gravity Screen. It has a nicer interface than Moto's active displays in my opinion. It uses some battery, but a lot less than competing apps.
Wanted to try it and didn't like it all that much, so I went ahead and tried to uninstall it, but it won't let me. Tells me it needs to be deactivated since it's administrator app yet shows no way to revoke the access...                 Edit: found what I needed in settings, adding a star, but I'll stick with my phone's notifications /samsung galaxy s3 neo/
Love it. Just wish had a privacy mode.
Really like it. Apart from the fact i cant get the help cations (re swipe down for full screen) wont go away. Any help?
Love this lock screen my only problem is the acdisplay services notification that doesn't go away
Would be great if you guys include the feature where on moving further from the proximity sensor will show the ac display page.
Dear good app shall try up again
This shop is amazing id just wondering if at all possible to be able to change clock color and add my own background
Worst app, still struggling to uninstall it
Only complaint I have is that the  Acdisplay services stays open in my toolbar taking up room.
Awesome
I want to uninstall this happen but I can't
This is a fantastic lockscreen that provides a lot of Moto X type functionality that I was looking for. Simple alerts for incoming notifications with the ability to dismiss individual items. It also looks great and works when you have a security lock in place. It looks like the developer may even be adding some type if security feature to the app itself in the near future.
Great design, geat features.
It's clean and simple, and it works well. I have no real complaints about the app, but the development cycle is craaaazy slow. I've had the app a year now and there's been ONE update. Hope the functionalities promised in-app actually come to fruition one day, but I don't hold out great hope.
Date which display when active mode on under notification centre is not correct. Hope can fix this.
Can't use android without it anymore thank you
It is absolutely superior to any default lock screen. To make this even better you guyes need to add support for the music player to appear when the device is waken and have a double tap to wake the screen feature would make this the best lockscreen ever
Uses up alot of battery. Hope you can optimize this to use up less battery but aside from that great app! Highly recommended
It won't uninstall 
Great
I was looking for an alternative lock screen for my Asus Zenfone 6 and was stuck with the standard lock screen, which I was hating and was not able to change the wallpaper after Kitkat update.  This app has lots of functionality and love the notifications.
Notifications just like the Moto X. Some instability but could be my rom. Overall I'd say this is going on every phone I buy from here on out. Thanks to the dev.
My default lockscreen
Needs more polish . would like to be able to hide the AcDisplay notification .
Just wished it showed a preview of the messages.
Took me a bit to understand the menus, but after figuring that out it's amazing!
I want to have apps on the lock screen for easy access as well. Widgets would be nice as well.
I would have given it a 5 star but my music toggle options don't appear while music is playing.  I really hope you fix this bug. I'm using an Asus zenfone 5
One of the best lockscreen atm.
I really love this app.... Awesome
Worth a try
Won't let me uninstal? Goodbye.
I really liked it. But all I want is to wake the screen when I move my device. Use the sensors. But it doesn't. I really liked the concept but I uninstalled coz I need to wake my screen to see the notification.
But locking isn't working it supposed to be. Locking sudden according to my settings;  it should lock after 30 minutes. Xperia z2.
Like the look and functionality. The only thing that doesn't work on my gs4 is the setting to detect when there is motion to show the screen.
I can not uninstall it and its very annoying
Firstly I love the lockscreen its clean and simple, but having used it for a few days there are a few niggles: 1st it sometimes doesn't default to the lock screen and how's straight to the homepage then a few seconds later goes to the lock screen. 2nd I'd like a battery % indicator to be shown (I know it does this when on charge but it doesn't when not on charge) so I have to unlock the phone and go to the homepage to see battery life thanks
Horrible
There are still some bugs especially when answering a call when my phone is lock. Please solve this issue ~BTW, I'm on MIUI ROM. TIA!
I love the app. It performs better,with more options, than my experiences the ported (on the Nexus 5) version of Active Display. My only complaint is in KitKat on my device the phone treats the app as though it is in immersive mode and it constantly gives the immersive mode "swipe down" tip. As a rooted user I've bypassed this by disabling immersive mode notifications, bit it would be nice if the app could be set as a default lock screen, not an overlay. This would, assumedly, bypass the immersive issue.
I'd like to be able to launch my camera from my lock screen.  Unfortunately, without this option I've got to stop using this wonderful app.  I use the camera launch feature almost daily.
I enjoyed the look of the lock screen when I had the app installed but I stayed having problems receiving phone calls. As soon as I uninstalled the app I started receiving calls normally again.
Nice
This app is absolutely fantastic works but if I hold the home button down too long when waking my phone, my phone opens the recent apps menu (a good feature but not in this situation) it confuses the phone and is obnoxious to me.
this has to be the most beautiful, yet simple notification application ever, I personally use it as lockscreen such elegant simple yet complicated design
Running: Moto G, I can't go back to default. Flawless performance, couldn't recommend this enough. Every other lockscreen I've tried doesn't even come near touching this one. Truly phenomenal.
Try to bring the shutting of the lock screen like the lg device's.the app is very good.while playing the music the album art is very much blurred make it more clear in the next update.
Great app. Five stars if they dealt with the randomly appearing "this app is full screen" message that appears about fifty percent of the time.
Just love it. Isn't resource hungry and works like a charm.
I'm sure you can do better. Thanks
This is very good and I like the accelerometer feature. Only problem I have is even not on full screen it keeps saying drag down to exit full screen mode.
This app is amazing. Other than the fact that when I have my phone locked and is just sitting there, the screen turns on randomly.
There should be an option to put a separate wallpaper for the lock screen, not the same as the home screen
Can we get a Analog clock instead of digital?? Hope to see something new in this??
JUST AMAZING.
This started out as a Moto Active Display clone. Motorola asked the dev to make significant changes to the app to make it look less like it. Now it's officially better than the Moto Active Display. Even the new one. Kudos, Artem.
Much better than Android stock lock screen. It's really smooth and elegant. Flawless design. Many thanks to the developers.
I can't deactivate it!!
Very solid and nice design app, this is what I'm looking for a long time. If there is pin lock for this lock screen and could set this app as default lockscreen (so that the home button is not workable at lockscreen). Then, I will donate! :D
Its very easy to customize and makes your lock screen look great. Great app.
Hey, what's up with the led being very dimly red when the lock screen is active? It's kinda weird.
Liked the app but when I went to deactivate and uninstall it loops one for the other, making it feel like malware.
ABSOLUTELY fantastic, I don't have to press the power button anymore, I just look at the phone B-) and we would love to see a music player widget in this lockscreen, apparently it'll be cool :-P Come on guuys
I am using samsung grand 2. Earlier I was able to read the message senders name and the content of the text message by activating pinable notification.  It was working properly. Was very much satisfied with this app. But now it doesn't show the senders name and the message content on lock screen.  It just shows that I have new message and then I have to unlock the phone and read the content of message from the message inbox. Please fix this issue as I really love this app and it's very much useful.
It works well but it's not for me.  For some reason I can't uninstall it though.  WTF!
This is the best lock screen tool ever. Keep up the nice work!  And for all of you looking for a security pin, this tool is designed to complement your existing security screen, not replace it. The idea is to use this to view notifications and then it passes to your normal phone pin for unlocking.
It's perfect I'll give 5stars if the was a patten or a pin code to secure the device
Quick, minimal & simple... Keep up the good work...
Simply great
But I recommend add a feature. That is to open the notification app by swipe that notifications icon.
Works exactly as I hoped it would.
Like it..
My favorite lock screen notification app of them all so clean and great
Please fix the bugs: the screen dosent turn on sometimes whether it's to press button to wake up or auto wake up. Another bug is that if u have a lockstep pattern the pattern takes time to adjust to screen after unlocking ac display please fix that also. Then it's a 5* app I'm running android 4.3 by the way using a xperia v (LT25i)
OMG Excellent
Works great. Using OnePlus One 4.4.4
Works brilliant and has no negative effect on battery
There was only one thing I loved more in iOS than Android; the way it gave notifications on the lockscreen. This app solves that. Great app. Kudos to the dev!
Using VzW visual voicemail and every time I put my ear to the phone to listen the screen automatically locks into AcDisplay. Annoying to say the least. Solid app otherwise.
Excellent!!!
So simple yet so awesome... However now my device keeps getting woken every few minutes even though its the same google now notification. Sometimes if you lock and unlock too quickly it takes some time for the lock screen to show up.
No bugs, no flaws at all on my OnePlus one. keep The good work
It is nearly prefect. The only thing that bugs me is that if I want a wallpaper different from the one set as home screen wallpaper, I get only solid black. Please fix it and I will give 5 stars.
Really gd app love the functionality of it
I need help deactivating this app. I have done it so many times because I don't like it and it will not deactivate so I can uninstall.
Please add some features like add some lockscode  on it and have some intruder selfie  when someone tries to open up your phone with wrong passcode. Please please  this will be an great great app :)   
1 star less for not offering the option to select a different wallpaper
Who needs a Moto X?
Notifications work well on acdisplay and unlocking looks smooth.
If the lockscreen overrode the default lock screen and would still keep a password then it'd be perfect
Can yiu guys make the service notification is nit shown in the notification center.
On the luck screen a hint pops up and I click okay. However, it comes back multiple times a day. How do I turn that hint off?
dear dev, in my xiaomi mi3, once I activate this when I get a call screen is not turning on..JUST can hear ringtone but screen off.can't see who's calling..plz check it
Finest app ever seen!  EDIT : Awesome! Just another small request- when I touch the pause button for longer than usual, the seek bar for that song should come up as in 4.4+ default lock screens. Cheers :) Suggestion : You have lots of space on the lock screen. Why not integrate music controls from apps, like in the android lock screen?
Not sure if it is by design, but it only works when I get a notification. I'm on a Galaxy s4
This is good.
Just wanted to know why the picture of the caller not showing up when you have a missed call. But yes for facebook it does shows up when we have any notifications. Please fix this. Thanks and this is a Nice replacement for lock screen notifications. Five stars after fixing this.
The lockscreen integration is really well executed! Never seen a lockscreen use an exposed module for better integration but they sure should because I never have any delays or stock lockscreen popping up from time to time, which I really loathe. You still can improve on it though. Being able to manually place where the UI is on the screen (I prefer it towards the top a la Apple) and reducing the speed threshold for the screen to unlock (I really need to swipe very fast to unlock, not very soothing!)
Very moto-esque. Love it
This app is beautiful and lovely to use, but the only thing I dislike about it is the lack of security. If it were to have at least a pin based feature, I'd give it a 5 right away!
But would like to be able to adjust where the notifications show rather than just in the middle of the screen
Clean notification app which looks minimal and good. Thumbs up. And as many have already said , would love wallpaper option and security.
This turns any Android device into a Moto X. 5 stars for the quality and cool features!
Works brilliantly!
Simply beautiful and perfect for minimalist design lover.
I'm trying to uninstall this App, and its telling me that this is an Administrator.. This App hacks your Phone please don't download
This is an excellent app that I have running instead of the breathe notifications on my 2013 Moto X. Yes, it's that good! There is only one thing that's missing and that is an option to keep the lock screen and music controls permanently on because for some reason it overrides another app that allows me to keep the screen on and the lock screen times out and the display gotta to sleep.
been using this for almost 3months...   excellent
This app is amazing and does a lot more than you would realize. It's fluid and elegant and from a tech  reviewers standpoint, it's incredible. Great work on the app and actually not taking away my RAM power so that when I use clean master, I don't stop the apps processes. Thanks :)
Brilliant app. But not sure of the consistency though. Have to test it extensively. Right now everything works as claimed. Good job by the developer.
Full screen reminder keeps dropping though when I turn on my scree. Pretty annoying
Can't find a way to uninstall it, gonna report this...
Very good it is like nothing out there
Good app
... I could use this as my default. But, fingerprint!? :)
Can you add security options? Like pattern, pin etc, because with these options Acdisplay conflicting
Superb!! This guy needs an award :D
Makes mine moto g like moto x with active display without draining battery
Smooth and stable
Simply awesome
Best lock screen I have used
I love the look and overall functionality of the lockscreen. Again. Absolutely amazing. The only alteration I would like to see is having the lockscreen take precedence over the default. I believe someone else mentioned it before me, but sometimes unlocking my device goes straight to the default or factory lockscreen when I press the home button to wake my screen. Otherwise, great app. Well done.
It works good.. Moreover its active mode is excellent .. But only one issue, please add some lock feature as anyone can read my personal messages by simply accessing it
There should be app shortcuts
Works so much better than I thought it would! I've had no issues at all.... T-Mobile LG G3 stock
C'est tres bien!!!
I am switching over from WidgetLocker. I used WidgetLocker for its ability to show my wallpaper more clearly than stock lock screen, but its custom "unlockers" sometimes had glitchy issues and performance issues.  My only wish is for AcDisplay to have an opacity option for the overlay on my home screen wallpaper. Other than that it is fantastic!
I hope they improve the lockscreen as sometimes htc sense lockscreen still shows instead. Also the ability to have different wallpapers would be great. Other than that this is imo the best lockscreen out there.
Wonderful and intuitive
One annoying thing... Why do I always get the "Swipe down to exit full-screen pop-up?". How can I turn it off?
It's a good app but you have to swipe to the end of the screen to unlock! Please make it it a little short...... Anyways it's neat and simple so there is no reason not to give it 5 stars!
Was looking for this kinda app a long time. And finally its here. Simple, minimalistic and fast.
It's a must have !!
Lockscreen
It's a good app. However, I'd like to have a shortcut to open my camera from the lockscreen, which is very convenient. Also, option to set custom wallpaper for the lockscreen would be great.
This app wont deactivate or uninstall - DO NOT INSTALL - POTENTIAL MALWARE!!!!!!!!!!!
Irritating app doesn't get uninstalled...
It is the only marvelous, beautiful, trendy, awesome, lovable and outstanding app I've ever seen.             But there is a problem it is showing "swipe down from the top to exit full screen" on the lock screen; which I don't like personally . making it like a fake one. Please do take this into consideration and fix it. Thank you.
I love this lock screen! It tells me what I need and presents it in a beautiful simplistic package. My only gripe (and I'm thinking the developers can't control it) is that I get a pop up telling me to slide down from the top to exit full screen mode. It seems like a native kit Kat pop up but it's driving me crazy! It appears about every other time and makes the lock screen useless until I tap OK. Thank you kitkat! I got it! Don't have to tell me all the f$@#ing time!
Great
A must have app for all android phone without active display...
On my samsung galaxy s4, I cannot remove it -- I tried to drag it from the drawer to the Uninstall landing spot, or from the Application manager of Settings, the Force Stop and Uninstall buttons are disabled!  What is going on?  -- OK -- saw the developer's response.  Thank you.
Easily the best substitute to Motorola Active Display. This app is flawless. Haven't been using it for too long so not sure about how much battery it consumes but hoping for the best :)
Superb and simple
What happened to AM and PM?? Other than that, this app is pretty golden.
It shows it app needs be deactivated.
I love this app this is what android should it have in the first place
But.  How can i uninstall it?
It might not be as perfect as the more professionally-tailored Moto X Active Display, but it looks great, and it comes really close.
I'm a mi3 owner but the notification there not allow me to use it even I check and unchecked the box pls fix
Best lock screen alternative
I am really picky about what I put on my phone and all I can say is this is the first app that is staying for good! The exact features I was looking for. I would really like to change the way of unlocking. Maybe have a the option to show the unlock button.
Nice
Battery drains in my moto g
This is a beautiful application... The only thing I would like to be see is a camera shortcut on the lock screen. This is the only thing I miss from the stock android lock screen.
Would give five stars but would like to see lock screen wallpaper options.
esta sencilla y muy funcional........excelent
OK app but needs a few things like lock and unlock sounds. Other things already mentioned! Then I will give 5 stars and use!
Well designed with great functionality
Very pleasing design and UI behavior. Feels better than the other notification app I used for quite a while.
Can u add an option to apply different wallpaper
Security built into the app is essential instead of unlocking to your system lock screen.  Also being able to set a background for your lockscreen would be nice instead of it using your home screen's wallpaper.
All it does is work once then it stops working, it goes back to my old lockscreen (stock)and only works when I hit the send notifacation button, please read/help (Samsung s4)....... I got it working it works veary well
Motion wake up is very inconsistent
If the alarm would sound through the lock screen... I would never change to something else EVER. This is so close to becoming my default :(
The User Interface of the notifications is absolutely beautiful
I love this.
can you make various font type and size like those on *cough* dash cl*ck *cough*
Still love it, but sometimes, when the phone's been running for a while, the swipe to dismiss feature stops functioning properly.
Keep getting notified that this app has gone full screen. Any way to make it stop notifying me every time? I see others have had the same problem.
plz fix if I hit the home button my phone unlocks I don't need nobody n my phone fix please then I'll give this 5 stars
It disables my notification light after getting a text message.  Active mode does not work as well. Stock HTC one m7 with 4.4.2.  I will reinstall and rate it again after the fix.  Great app otherwise.
If you have an AMOLED display on your device this app will be amazing without taking a hit on your battery life. An LCD display could show battery draining issues!
Love, love this app!..Simple, can use own wallpaper. Awesome to be able to peek at notifications on lock screen. Has plenty of customization options. I use it for certain notifications, so when the blacklist settings change to default, I have to manually change each individual app..its a lot of apps! Happens almost daily. Please add option to check all or I will have to uninstall.
Absolutely lag-free (except for when you lock and unlock your phone quickly, but who cares), most fluidic, classic and elegant lockscreen I've seen. The notifications and the way they are presented.... Class. Pure class. The app actually pays attention to who triggered the notification, and puts their display picture dynamically in the background when viewing that notification. Loved that there was an Xposed module as well. Kudos!
Highly recommended
Works as advertised. I like how it will wake the phone when I take it out of my pocket or puck it up from facedown. Two thumbs up.
Can't Uninstall, Forces to deactivate first and then uninstall. Doesn't Deactivate either.
seriously sleek and awesome notification style...love it...
I noticed it doesn't work with chomp SMS all the time. Not sure if there are inconsistencies with other apps.
More people need to know about this app and how it literally does everything that you didn't know you wanted your phone to do. As a recent iPhone user switching over to the Android community, I wanted some sort of notification on my lock screen and I tried countless apps until I finally arrived at this one. It's simple, it's easy, and it's minimal. Truly a game changer when it comes to how I view my notifications.
I would recommend this to anyone. Beautiful interfaced topped with an intuitive design. By far my favorite personalization app!
I fricken love this app, I have searched hi and low for an app that replicates active display for the moto x. I've tried all the custom rom's for my phone that have them built in, but none of them work right. For example on du,omni,pa any of these custom rom's, when you enable active display the lock screen doesn't let you past it, to open the notification. So  to make it work right you have to disable your lockscreen. Dynamic notification's just seem like there are to many options, and I also experienced problems with it and my default android lock screen. I highly recommend this app if your looking for something that replicates active notifications on a non motorola phone.
Nice app..   Anyone tell me how to add background wallpaper
Works like a charm. Perfect app
The best lock screen app
Include breathing time . Like moto x
It's a must-have app :) A question: will you add this feature for the lock-screen? Launch actions with the phisical buttons E.g.: long press home button starts the torch; long pressing the menu shut down the display; long press the back starts the next song
Simple and sleek app. Love it!! Just needs a security feature to make it complete
Almost every time a message says to swipe to exit full screen
Nice interface for preview the details of notification.
Lot of features
Every time I've tried this app, its damaging my lockscreen. Phone not responding on power button on Android 4.4 (not stock), and lockscreen not responding on clicks on Android L.
This is the best lockscreen app I have ever had, keep making improvement for the best experience; put the number of incoming message in app icon in lockscreen and make the unlocking become smoother
The use as lock screen update really helps and features are great!
And can't remove as it states it must be deactivated. Guess what? It won't deactivate.
Elegante e funzionale.
Beautifully Designed And Processed...Would Love More If It Was A Bit More Customizable! Its Just a Critic! You Rock!
I love it but it's somewhat unstable.
Sad to know that, it doesn't show up notifications while my moto flip cover is opened.... The default interface remain while flip cover opens...
Simply awesome... Great replacement for your stock locker...
Would give 5 stars but it keeps saying "this app has gone full screen..." like it does for new apps, and it doesn't switch to the lockscreen after booting the phone.
More options please
How do you deactivate this app?
Perfect! Really love it! I only wish for sound/mute/vibrate indicator. Also, i don't like the acdisplay services notification in notification window.
After using this for a few months I just can't imagine my phone without it. Keep up the great work, donation incoming. Update 9/26/14: Is there anyway to get this to stop telling me about immersive mode? I get the pop up almost every time I wake up my phone... I'm using a G3.
Awesome
Best app for lock screen
Thank you. I have rooted my device and i am using this with xposedinstaller, and its simply amazing.very stable and smooth
I love this as my lockscreen and I'm sad I had to uninstall it but for some reason on CM11 on the Nexus 5 at times when I lock the screen and try to wake the screen later it won't allow it causing me to force it into the bootloader
Any HTC One M8 owners, if you go to Settings &gt; Security &gt; Lockscreen &gt; No lockscreen it will prevent the default lockscreen from peeping through & you will just have this one , your welcome
Not sure if notifications and lock screen work 100% but still a very clean lock screen app
I like for the most part but would love the ability to pick your own locks screen wallpaper. There is also a slight delay at times where the stock lock screen pops up first. But all 3rd party lock screens do that. I guess none of the devs can find a way around it.
It makes my Oneplus One look even better, but, could you please add an option to disable the hardware keys? Thanks
I absolutely love this lock screen but I seem to always have a problem where the notifications won't show up after a period of time. Access always stops by itself
at start "slide down...." does appear always!
Operation of AcD is not consistent with stock lockscreen which makes it a security risk for me..
I m trying to delete this app but it keep saying it is seleted as a administration. Even i unselect it from settings but still i cant delete it.. using Galaxy S5
Great work, Bitcoin donated
Very simple and it just works....
I've seen many attempts at trying to get the moto x lockscreen right, this one nails it, buttery smooth and very functional. Well done!
Gives all I want to see on the lock screen!!
The app itself is great when it works. Maybe 3 to 4 times out of 10, the notifications aren't shown when pressing the power button immediately after a notification comes in. The stock lockscreen is instead shown. Hopefully the reliability can be improved and I'll revisit the app at a later date.
This app is awesome
Simple and clean, I love it! If it could just entirely replace the lock screen with some security features. Also I've noticed that my alarm does not work in the morning.
Such a wonderful experience
****Guys if you want to get rid of the notification in your notification bar, long press the notification, click 'App Info' and then uncheck the box for 'Show Notifications'. The app will still work fine.**** My review: I thought it was causing a battery drain, but I was wrong. In the 38 hours my phone has been unplugged, AcDisplay has only drained 5-6% of my battery. This app is super useful and very responsive, and I love the UI.
Simple but elegant! Need a "tranparency setting" and "position setting: top, middle or bottom". And please exclude Alarm Clock, I have to touch notification and open Alarm Clock to stop it, very annoyed. Thanks.
Stupid app. Gave me a headache could uninstall
Nice app. More easy to used.
You need to add security features and sometimes whenever I switch on my phone on the lock screen it says swipe down to exit full screen which is really annoying so can you please help me with that? And isn't there a way to make it the default lockscreen
Great app
The best!!
Please reduce the time taking to unlock the phone..It feels like something dragging back.
No need to wake my phone up manually just to see the notifications.. Interface is pretty sleek too!
Not able to uninstall this app.  Please guide how to deactivate this app
nice
Still a few bugs.  Overall I love this app.  I love how it displays information, how you can swipe it away, how it works with my Note 3 (for battery saving), and how simple it is.  However, occasionally I'll pull my phone out of my pocket, or restart, etc, and it'll briefly default to the 'system' lockscreen.  It takes a moment, and even sometimes requires an unlock of the 'system' lockscreen before it seems to launch this app and then requires another unlock.  If there was a way to make it stick more / be more of the actual 'default', that would be awesome.  (Even if it required something via Xposed, etc)
Unable to uninstall. Fix immediately or I will take action. Who knows what you have access to locking in this app... Get this off my phone now!!!!!!!!
The power button on my previous phone broke from overuse. This app remedied my problem AND looks beautiful as well.
Only issue for me is the blue full screen instructions won't go away permanently.
Working perfectly. Well design and memory optimised. Great job!
Makes my phone look real upscale. Makes lockscreen more usable than ever.  Really like it.
The lockscreen is in beta mode, hope you'll add the ability to make it secure lockscreen with pattern or pin (probably need root for that) it'll be perfect even.
In on a temp phone after cracking the hell out of my first gen Moto X. This to care of me and then and white I wait for my replacement. Great work!
I absolutely love this lockscreen! Hope that it can be updated to use separate lockscreen wallpapers in the future! And also please add pebble support! My whatsapp notifications on my pebble only show the first message sent by my contact! This only happens when I use Ac display! Hope that you guys can update it so it will work fine!
Wud love if the unlock animation could be customised..
I really like this app,  very useful and looks good. One issue is that I have a Samsung flip case,  and when the cover is on,  the screen flashes on/off continually,  draining my battery. If this was fixed I'd give it 5 stars!
Everything works great but the active mode is not working. I'm using Moto G
Great app. Would be even better if a pattern lock security feature could be integrated
How to uninstall this?
Perfect for my moto g
When I receive a notification, I end up with a multitude of apps that opened, from being in my pocket I guess. I turned off wake screen option but continues to happen.  If it wasn't for this would be 5 stars no question! Keep up the great work!
I've tried every notification and cover screen app out there and this is by far the best app. Interactions are simple and accessible from lock screen.  Notifications are sharp looking. 5 stars if we could scroll multiple notifications.
Need to give option to turn off the persistent notifications, otherwise a great app!
Really nice work on the app... Works flawlessly on my lg g2. Keep up the great work!
I keep getting the message to "swipe  down from the top to exit full screen" almost every time I unlock my phone. Please fix this.
Dude, this made me immensely happy. I had a Moto X which has active display (one of it's specialty) by default and i totally loved it. But, i crashed it a while back and now was using a temporary phone, missing this amazing ability and you brought that joy back to me ! This is just brilliant. Keep it up :D
just need a way to select a lockscreen wallpaper
I love it
Love the app, don't love that the lock screen constantly tells me to swipe down to unlock. I'd love to see that disabled.
This is a very very good app and I recommend it for everyone I would have given 5 stars but there isn't a password lock feature in it that's why 4 if they add that I would give it 5 stars otherwise flawless app
Tried this app for about a month now and I love it. Sometimes I don't have time to open the app. Just a quick look would be fine. And when my phone is locked I couldn't do it. But with this app you get a cute preview with one click. Since I have personalized color messages. I know who I want to choose to reply. This makes it so easy! Thank you!
My only thing is, PLEASE give us the option to remove background dimming!! Or let us choose a background
Nice app
Only thing im missing is to set a separate background fromnthe homescreen one
I understand that phones do not have the best motion sensors, but Active Mode has not worked ONCE.
Just wished it had the option for a pin or password or something, but it's exactly what I've been looking for!
But direct access without any patern or pin configuration.
Would be great and would give 5 stars but I agree with some of the comments below. Pls provide option to remove from notification drop down.  Thanks!
Its really good! interface is cool!! But don't know why lock screen crash sometime!!!! Please fix it!!
This is one of the best app i am using. But since last update i am getting error on each phone startup that access not granted, but actually its already marked...so plz fix it as early as possible.
Best lockscreen I've used, but for one thing! I keep getting the pop up at the top saying the app has gone fullscreen, if this could be removed somehow it would be perfect!
This gives me the perfect opportunity to see all my notifications without having to unlock my phone. Makes it quick and easy to keep up with things.
The app is great.   I would probably also use the lockscreen option if it did not show a persistent notification.   And also (I am not sure if this is technically possible) if it the lockscreen option allowed Android Lockscreen widgets.
Very close to the Motorola's moto x so one the moto G its a great deal
I really do like this however I hate how it always stays in my notification drop down.
Everything is perfect. The only problem it has is the unlock animation. If u gays can make it smother, I will give this app five stars
Have downloaded lots of notifications lockscreen but nothing seem to be working best like AC Display! Good job...
All it needs is a security lock. Either pin or pattern. Awesome, thanks
If I disable lock screen feature in settings even then sometimes lock screen(custom) shows up after waking the device
Totally osmm
Keeps on bypassing when I press the home button...
This is absolutely amazing.  Just the one that I look for. Great replacement of Nokia Glance Screen! Easy to use and user friendly as well. Thumbs up!
It can still improve but does the business for my lock screen and quick notification.
I decided to give this a try but I'm finding I just prefer my stock lock screen with access to my smart remote.  Complicated to uninstall and there were times that the stock lock screen still came up.  Tried several different lock screen apps and really wasn't impressed with any of them.
great app, best one i've tried so far , but please make a security pin or something and lock the bar when in the lock screen ,
Simple, clean and perfectly designed this has to be one of my all time favourite little apps. It works perfectly with my amoled screen, heads up notification when I grab my phone and and intuitive unlock gesture. An easy 5*****
It was 5 stars before but I've had to drop my rating. Having to go through the ui to get to my alarm is bad and the blacklist doesn't work anymore to avoid this
Needs an app exclusion list. Not bad though.
Get rid of the notification tray icon
There's no doubt this lock screen is awesome, but nearly everytime I turn on the screen that stupid swipe down to show full screen reminder comes up. Its very annoying, please fix it .
This app is working incredibly good on my moto g..The only thing i miss is the stock lock/unlock sound..If you can enable sound it would be great..
Kk
Have another theme for unlock screen?
If you can get rid of the notification it leaves behind, it will be the perfect app.
It's near to perfect, I give you that but only problem I or many face is that the lock screen isn't default over the launcher. When you click the home button, the lock screen shuts down and heads directly to the home screen without any security door.  Kindly look into it and bring out a pattern or a pin based security wall plus to make it as a default app over the launcher. Thanks. Cheers!
Gently gentle
really like this. really simple and elegant. I've been messing with the setting a bit and I noticed that their is no camera shortcut from the lock screen unless I missed something? I think that'd be a nice edition if you guys put that. there's some minor stuff like stutter when unlocking it but that's nothing much. overall a really great app
Best lockscreen on the market but every time I push the multi task button I get sent to my stock lockscreen
Works really well and looks great. Very similar to active notifications from Motorola.
This is an excellent app, exactly what I have been looking for!! Thank you
Landscape mode!
Just have one issue it keeps saying 'swipe down to exit full screen' but I think it's just an issue with KitKat
Functionality just stops working for me. It will work beautifully for some hours and then out of the blue it stops turning on when I take it out of my pocket. It's definitely the most beautiful but peek seems much more stable.
"Swipe down from top to exit full screen" keeps appearing... Also there should be an option to blacklist PlayStore, so it doesn't show notifications of updated apps.
Its just awesome :)
I'm a fan of its standard functions, and now I'm using it as my lockscreen replacement. I'd just like to see some security options.
Wouldn't be with out it!
Suites me from A to Z .... Really commendable work by dev .... Two thumbs up for you ....
All it needs is security options and the ability to set your own wallpaper! Otherwise,brilliant.
The app works great but the one thing that kills this for me is that there is always a notification saying ac display in my pull down notifications. Another thing is that my home buttons still appear when I swipe in the lower area. I'm using an lg g3
I love this lockscreen, the only suggestions I have are to have a less obnoxious unlock animation and some sort of security that has Rasher integration to turn on/off
Working fine.
Please add security options and camera access.  Great job!
Minimalistic, beautiful and it works
One of the best lockscreens i have ever used and i dont think i will give it up any time soon. Wishing for some improvements but its so far the best
Excellent
,
Hoping that we can set password for it.
I like it
Great lockscreen, simple but nice. Good job 
Excellent lock screen app. One of the best. I'm using with my S4 and I'll never go back to stock. Great notifications while screen is locked. Hold the icon and the entire message is shown. Great job, developers!
Not working. I don't see my notifications
Love it
There is no security after all. It will be awesome if you add PIN or Pattern security. Besides that it is a really nice app.
Nice
It doesn't kill you with extra features. It does what it claims to,  very well.
Plz add the option for change font ( device default font ) and weather.....Then in my views It will be Number 1 Smart lockscreen App on playstore
Works flawlessly and it has lockscreen also . Really nice app. Keep up the good work devs.  :-)
I have come full stop searching for a notification screen!  Why isn't more people downloading this?  I love the way I can read any notification without opening my phone!  This is the best!  Thank you!
Best notifications ever.
Notification of acdisplay is annoying
i love this app.. but i hope dev can add one feature something like quick glance.. hovering over proxomity sensor while on table or on hand.. to view the acdisplay screen.. similarly on the moto x 2014
It is not so useful!
If I could rate it more than 5 stars.... i would!
When you press the home button twice, the app just closes... thats not what I call a lockscreen...
Awesome
The active display feature looks great and works well!
The app is a really good one..but drains way too much battery
My lock screen time out . tried to contact you  almost 2 weeks ago  before rating bad  but didn't get reply .  N5 stock IMG ( rooted )
This is probably the best lockscreen replacement I have found.
Sick
Very nice design, simple functionality!
The animation should be better when unlocking the phone. Otherwise the design and everything else is really impressive .
I am running paranoid android which comes with peek but I prefer acdisplay over other similar apps. Just waiting for security features now.
Love the design love it simple yet awesome bravo excellent very good outstanding and more
The best when it comes to integration.  Had a problem setting the lockscreen, while setting up notifications was simple, but I just had to go into my security settings and check it manually.  Works like a charm.  ONLY thing missing is setting up an individual wallpaper.
Great that you could make such a useful app while in school.
Doesn't seem to work with my s5
It would be great if we had option to auto expand notifications
Please add the option to secure our device.
Really nice app, very intuitive. But I have one problem that the album art or any other image that appear on the background of the locks screen looks very low resolution. Hope you can fix that
Would love a security password option
Get rid of the persistent notification when its active
I really like the way it looks and feels. The only problem I have with it is that there is no lock or unlock sounds.
Very nice app!
Loved it
Clean and very minimalistic, kudos to the developers
Love this on my Nexus 4, after falling for Active Display on Moto X. One big annoyance though: Android's tip "Swipe down to leave Full Screen Mode" comes up every time, no matter if app is set to Full Screen Mode or not.
I want to uninstall it but i cant do it.. plz help me out... :'(
For everyone talking about the notification, long press the notification and enter settings to turn it off. When clicking on the notification and the picture goes full screen, would be nice if it was a high quality image.
Best lock screen replacement I have used. I would like to see custom backgrounds. Everyone should give this a try.                                  Update: I have blacklisted a few apps but they still appear on the lock screen. Is this a known issue and if so is there a fix?
I only wish it had like a a few quick shortcut apps.
The way it shows the notification is way better than the normal android lock screen
The last thing keeping this from being the best it could be is security options in the lock screen (pin/pattern/password). Otherwise, this light, smooth, and outright cool app is fantastic!
I just get app icon on screen, Not getting the number showing the notification count. Fix it please.
Beautiful display.
...almost. Execllent job with the UI and UX. The only thing I can complain about is the lack of security features, which I understand is going to be hard to implement on a lockscreen that focuses on showing notifications in an elegant manner while allowing users to easily access those notifications. Perhaps you can have a swipe to the left feature that pulls accross a pattern or pin unlock screen and disable the peak feature if the user doesn't want to leave their phone unsecure.
This is the best app for notifications, simplistic and easy to use. I would love it even more if it had app shortcuts. Please make app shortcuts a feature.
Would like to see weather
Great active display, very intuitive, fast and clear.
Program is ok.  Eats up a lot of power for what it does, so I tried to get rid of it.  And guess what?  I can't uninstall it.  So it just sits on my phone, eating up 9% of my battery expenditure.  If I could go back I would have never downloaded it.  If I could get it off my phone, I'd give it 3 stars.
Nice app, UI could have been better. No lags. I was looking for this kinda app for long time finally found it. It's better than the other ones available in store.
The only thing it needs to be 5 stars is camera access from lockscreen. Great job
Good app
Its all so smooth! The only thing its missing is security. Plz fix soon!
Seems flawless so far on my HTC m8
Pocket mode does not work sometimes.
Good app i would like to see more customization options a more fluid and natural looking unlocking method /animation without the quick black screen you have when you unlock the phone to the notification and etc
Best one yet
Works well..but doesn't work always!
The best there is, without a doubt.
Not all the settings work properly and yet, the best app I've tried so far!  It simply does what is supposed to!
Should be a basic part of android, but this is still a very easy app to install and use. Wouldn't want to have to go without it.
It would be nice if you can include the pick phone up detection like moto x. Otherwise awesome.
Well done and well rounded
Dont download ...
This application has worked great as a lockscreen. In fact, it's probably the best...
The previous version had that round icons. If you could include that UI in here, it would highly appreciated. Also an option for bold:thin type clock font.
The best lock screen replacement out there!
Closer to MotoX active notifications widget, works perfectly fine on all the devices.. For android 2.1-4.0 below devices can use Dynamic Notifications app which is next better one!
My permanent lock screen replacement. But I find it misses one piece of functionality that I find important  There should be a method that allows you to open apps like camera straight off the lock screen, maybe through a gesture of something such
Must be improve..
Its all good but there isn't any security features which would definetly make this app 5 star worthy!
Its a Good Lockscreen but can you please get rid of the notification it leaves behind. its not annoying because I dont see a icon but I just dont like seeing it their when I pull down my notifications
I like the counting screen off design the most and it's smooth unlock animation. Also enjoy the active mode, it's useful to me and doesn't seem consume much battery.
Amazing lockscreen replacement that actually does its job, unlike most of its competitors. Thank you for the hard work you put into this!
This app is everything I was looking for in a lock screen. To rid yourselves of the permanent notification, simply go to your phone settings, applications, and find AcDiplay under the download tab. Uncheck the show notification button and it should be gone. Otherwise, I wish the unlock animation was subtler and that I can be taken to the notification from the lock screen. The display also doesn't always show up after taking the phone out of my pocket. Excellent job for a beta lock screen! I 2nd +ing a PIN.
If only my phone uses the amoled technology, I wouldn't be reluctant to use this app.
Great app for notification
Wont let me uninstall the app help me someone
Simple and clean
Great app adding active notifications, but especially like the auto screen on, when I pull my phone out of my pocket - so convenient and works perfectly on Nexus 5.
This app is wonderful. It's simple, attractive and very functional. I love the way the glimpse of your notification appears when you touch on the icon and vanishes when you take your finger away. Then darkens to remind you it had already been checked but doesn't disappear entirely until you actually check it.
It keeps getting better..
Great way to bring some Moto X features across.
How can I deactivate this app ?
Love the app but out needs security, best app I found so far
,QQ
No frills and mess like other highly customizable lock screens. One customization option I WOULD like to have is the ability to set a different lock wallpaper than the home screen
Perfect lock screen app. Totally worth it!
The best i have tried
One of the first apps I download during a fresh install
Brilliant Lockscreen app
Please add the ability to set custom lockscreen wallpaper
I like this app but a little bug keeps me from giving 5 stars. If I don't enable the Lock screen option sometimes when I unlock the phone after having received a notification AcDisplay won't show up. Moreover it could be a great idea to add an option that lets you place shortcuts on the lockscreen.
Superb app.. Good job guys..!!
Easily the best lockscreen I've used.  Beautifully minimal, lovely details and works perfectly. Love that it turns screen on when I pull the phone from my pocket. Well done you guys, seriously.
Incredible display. Very intuitive. Features are very cool. The only vice I have is I wish I could get rid of the permanent notification that the lock screen is running. Otherwise awesome!
Best lockscreen in the market.
Been using this app for long. It's a great replacement to Moto X's active display. However I really liked the circular notification icon more than this one. Anyway you could allow us to choose either of the two? Thanks.
Often a pop up telling you that you can swipe down to exit full screen appear even disabling full screen. Other than that really great!
This is just what I was looking for! Can't believe it is free as well.
How to change white background?
I had been using the Moto clone on AOKP, then moved to CyanogenMod. Used the old AcDisplay, but was disappointed by its lacking functionality from the Moto one. This one has added a LOT of functionality back in, and is vastly superior to the deprecated version!
But please add an option to hide active display service notification from notification bar.
I love everything about this app. It's so simple and minimalistic. But please just add some security like a pattern or pin code. I will do anything if you do!!
Works similar to motox. Good work Dev.
good
My phone keeps telling me I'm in full screen mode, and I need to swipe down to show the notification bar, but I have full screen mode turned off in the settings, please help, it is very annoying, it happens every time my phone wakes up. Other than this the app seems really good, my favourite lock screen app so far.
Does what it says...
Awesome. Works perfectly with my nexus 5.
Nice app, add Breathing notifications display
This works amazingly well with my HTC One M7 and look awesome with any wallpaper. The minimalistic music controls are a great addition as well. Keep up the awesome job and I hope to get to try out the beta version soon
Please add security features like pin or pattern lock screen after the unlock animation, in the App itself so that the default lock screen should not have to show up again to unlock.
Must have app.
So cool why hasn't google made it a default feature!!
I have been looking for this a long time. Job well done, dev. Thank you so much.
This app is great.
awesome
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
Works flawlessly on nexus 5 cm11. Suggestion: need a quick access camera button please.
Greet app for my moto g. Thank you.
If you are a HTC one m8 user like me you understand how bad that lockscreen is. With this application the days of having to unlock your phone to see a notification are gone! Some things that I think should be added to enhance the experience would be the ability to change the lockscreen wallpaper, size able icons, and a custom pattern/pin lock to go along with the overall theme of the lock screen itself. Other than that great job on the application!
In terms of design and function,  this app has both! It's a very beautiful and innovative way to view your notifications on your lock screen!
Keep up the good work we are expecting more like these
it's perfect.
No nonsense. Just a great lockscreen. Avoids many problems the other lock screens have with double unlocking etc. My only request is to include an unlock sound, or allow for a custom one. Same goes for a locking sound.
Its allready a five star app but it needs some kind of security. Knock code would be awesome.
Can we have the ability to put custom lockscreen wallpapers? Or the ability to blur the background? Then it will be perfect 5 stars!
One more thing. If there is option for me to choose lock screen wallpaper or custom wallpaper, it would be great! :)
Tight
Maybe you could add camera shortcut at the display since I'm using it as my lockscreen thank you!
Nice
Excellent
I like that I can see it on the lock screen and take action been stable and works pretty well.
This is an awesome way to get notifications, however it also works as a great lock screen. The downside to using this as a lock screen is the ever present notification, but it always takes the bottom spot and is out of the way. With the new music controls this is, at least for me, better than the stock lock screen on the moto g.
Very minimalistic.  Wish I knew about this earlier.  Full music support too
Why won't it uninstall?!?!?!?!
Its minimalistic just the way i like it but it lacks a camera short cut please add one to make it perfect :)
One way to make it better would be to add app shortcuts when used as a lockscreen.
Developer is also very helpful and replies to emails very quickly!
Love it!
The reason for the 4 stars is the security of the lockscreen.  If the dev could make this more secure I would give it 5 stars.
If you have wanted the Moto x's feature of having the display turn on when you pull it out of your pocket or pick it up from the table, this it the app to have! I haven't had it bug out at all, the animations are smooth, and from what I can tell, the battery life of my phone hasn't changed! Awesome? Awesome!
Cant uninstall..
Best of MOTO X . . . . . Nice job
It's a great app, and the active mode works almost perfectly, although it keeps switching on and off when phone is outside, sometimes. 8 out of 10 times, when screen switches on, it shows the "swipe down to exit full screen" message at the top which is pretty irritating. Other than these two problems, it is the best minimalistic lockscreen I have used so far! Please keep supporting this app!
Simplistic and the best.  Edit: The recent update has forced a white screen to appear before it gets to the home screen on my Nexus 5. The only way to get rid of it is to disable animation, which frankly takes a lot away.
Great one to view notification without unlocking
Nice and clean look. Really love it
Everything works just fine, as it's supposed to ( but could anyone tell me how to disable/hide the " AcDisplay services Active mode, lock screen " in the pull down notification bar ? )
This is lock screen I've been looking for. Simple and clean looking, but extermly helpful. I noticed the circled notification option did not work for me, along with the shadows for the icons. Otherwise this works perfectly!
Really useful to the point you stop thinking about it.
Half the settings don't work and uninstalling is even worse been trying to remove for a whole day now last resort is rest and want to avoid that
I cannot unistall the app on LG G3
Simply amazing, a must have!
Amazing app but need to fix the blue help/tip bar please!
I love it since the first moment I used it, it is exactly what android is missing to be perfect, but I have two little problems, the first one being that you can't move the clock, I would like to have it higher than the middle of the screen. My second problem is that you can only show the homescreen wallpaper and not another one. Except that the app is worth more than 5 stars!
Love this app. Keep up the good work
Clean,  minimal,  effective! The notification function is brilliant! I'm a happy man!
Too difficult to dismiss notifications. Awesome otherwise.
This is probably the best way to handle notifications in Android. Thief should be implemented by all the OEM's with there devices. Props to the Developer.
When you set it to lock screen, it works like a lock screen but you can get past it just by pressing the home button. I get that its not supposed to be secure, but it kind of makes it not feel like a lock screen.
Very minimalistic design but shows what you need it to. Plus it's free! Great work.
User friendly
Each time push power button, I have to  swipe to enter pattern unlock screen. Can I skip notification after push power button?
No other lockscreen app comes close to this marvel. Absolute genius.
Can't uninstall it
Completely flawless..
Wont let me delete it
Excellent Application. Love the design and the simplicity
Amazing app, but no support for landscape mode as a lock screen makes this app particularly difficult to use with tablets. If this function is added then definitely 5 stars!
Bugs.....doesn't work sometimes....fix it plz.....and it cancels the downloading
I love the app, and the lock screen works great on my nexus and is super smooth and clean. Only thing is the OK button keeps popping up telling me to swipe down when I view the lock screen. Doesn't just take the first OK permanently. That's the only thing keeping it from a perfect 5.
Would be cool if you could put security on the lock screen otherwise perfect 
Possibly the best lock screen around, brilliant way of showing notifications while keeping some form of privacy, media buttons make it better than stock.
Ever better . i donated
I recommended this app to multiple friends after having it for only a couple of days its just that good.
Hands down this its the beat one i used. Props to the develpers .
Is there a way to have this as the only lockscreen? I love the way it looks, but I have to unlock this lockscreen, then unlock the native lockscreen with my fingerprint.
Dont want this to be displayed in the notificiation bar... Please give an option to hide it from the notifications
Add camera and torch (light) shortcuts to lockscreen. And if possible: disable the touch buttons on Galaxy S5 while lockscreen (back and recent buttons).
Great app just what android needs.  Donation incoming.
When I lock my phone and unlock it it just shows up as the regular lock screen please fix it
I've tried a ton of different lockscreens (widget locker, nils, dynamic notifications, etc.) And this is by far the best, in my opinion. Unlike others, it never flashes the home screen and works smoothly/flawlessly every time. You can jump right into the app via the notification or dismiss them just as easily. It even displays Kit Kat album artwork and controls. This was exactly what I was looking for; nicely done.
Great app!!!
Love this App
I used to use Widget Locker, but this is definitely much a much smoother experience as a lockscreen. I just wish there was a way to set a separate wallpaper for the lockscreen so that way I can have one wallpaper for my homescreen and one for my lockscreen. Besides that, 5 stars
Absolutely bloody brilliant. Well done, developer. Really well done.
I loved your work. Hope you got your notebook. God bless u.
Love the application and the UI. I respect that this developer has given people for free an elegant and functional application. I wish the blacklist bug was eliminated though. It used to not remember anything after reboot now it just remembers random applications irrelevant from the initial user input. This along with one or two minor fixes will make it perfect.
Always have to regrant it...
Absolutely great app/lock screen but really its just a welcome screen because their is no lock. I really really like this but I won't use it because their is no lock.
Needs whitelist
This is the best lock screen I have been using for months. I want an option to adjust opacity of lock screen since I have dark background.
I absolutely LOVE this. It works phenomenally. Only thing I wish we could get rid of is the annoying permanent notification, and the 'swipe down to exit full screen' thing that seems to come up all the time.  But honestly, great job dev.
Notifications on lock screen are not available after one minute. Anyways we need to check inside later. Moto e
I love this lock screen so much, it handles notifications so well and basically gave me everything I missed from how my iPhone would handle notifications.
Fantastic app
Nice, smooth transitions and layout.  Love the notification concept as well.  Only thing this needs is a camera shortcut and your all set!
makes xperia z2 crash and it doesn't let me uninstall.
I'm not gonna talk about how nice it looks or how useful it is, because there are enough reviews talking about these. I just came to say that "active mode", the feature that auto wakes your phone when taken out of your pocket works every single time and it's really impressive.
It would be great if it had it's own lock screen security.
Can you add option to make it disappear ?? I dont want to waste a space of notification center for it.
How do i get the screen to wake up on a incoming call..?
When i press the home button from my htc one m7 it is automatically unlocked.. Anyways i love this lockscreen
Really nice app . Great Work
Minor gliches like automatically lock down. Plz fix
Awesome, one of my favorite apps!
Simply the best lockscreen replacement. Love the minimal UI and ease of use. There are a couple of bugs, but overall the app is fantastic.
It works exactly the way you'd want it to work, I've no feedback at all!
Reliable with a simple interface. I personally would prefer to have a list for apps for prioritizing notifications, but this app does what it says neatly.
Nice app, battery life was no issue
Simple and easy to use. Replicated Moto x!
Awesome
please enable to unlock screen with volume key it will be 6/5 stars
Used as default lock screen on my Moto G 4.4.4 no issues.
Please fix!
"180814...t/o...thanks..."290814"
Great app. The only problem for me is that you can't backup the black listed apps, even with TiBu. It becomes a hassle if you change ROMs a lot and have to blacklist everything again.
Ek Number
Just adds another layer between you and your final action
Awesome
Would rate 100 stars. Love it. Only complaint is lack of choice over clock/notification position.
I tried many many lock screens and this is the best keep up the good work      update : it's unlocked by pressing the home button fix this bug please I will rate 5 stars again
Tried others, but this one is simple and does exactly what I need. Only one other comes close. Only thing missing for me, is the camera shortcut.
Perfect accept for one problem. Every couple times I turn the screen on on my nexus 5 it pops up with the "swipe down" text and gives me the OK box
An awesome notification handling system. Much better than Motorola's original!
I wonder why this isn't the default Cyanogen Lockscreen.
Love it and from 1 to 10 it is just gorgeous... but would you just add more features like dimmed wallpaper or changing the style of unlock circle. Plz that would be awsome : )
The pocket detection works like a charm. The interface is nice and clean and provides a good experience. I love it although I am a little curious how the pocket detection works ;)
No other application handles notifications like this and in such a beautiful manner. I would however like to see the ability to use your lock screen wallpaper instead. Still very nice app. Keep up the great work
Great app! Feel like using moto x!
This app is perfect , looks beautiful/clean/minimal ! It supports album art ,never glitches ,works smoothly ,shows notifications in a brilliant way. -only issue is that album art isn't supported with stock HTC one m8 music player
Good Application
Great UI
There is just one con. When we change the lock screen wallpaper,  it still shows the home screen wallpaper as the background,  basically if there is two different wallpaper for ur home n lock screen, then it shows the home screen wallpaper as background. Otherwise a great app
title says it all...
Cleanest notification app on the market,neat design!And the lock screen is just the best,slick features like the screen changing to the app's background!
Seeems good, but what about the EXTREMELY ANNOYING Blue bar that advise me on how to exit from the full screen almost everytime? Ok for the first time, but then is senseless, to say the least.
It's disappointing. There's always one little bug,  that's spoils the fun. Right now it's the full screen instructions dialog,  which is showing even if the full screen mode is off. Reported the bug, got no answer,  no acknowledgement, nothing.
This was my absolute favorite lockscreen until recently. When I have it set to display my wallpaper instead of the black screen it shows the entire home screen with icons and widgets instead of just the wallpaper. I can also see and use my navigation buttons if I turn on the background. Is there a fix to this?  Edit. Dev team contacted me. The xposed module swipe back wasn't playing well with acdisplay so I had to turn that off. After turning off swipe back and restarting everything is working fantastic.
Why minimum sleeping time is kept at 3 seconds by touching inactive area? Anyway, 5 stars truly deserved
Love it
I love this lock screen. With the recent updates it is the best I have seen. The dev is very responsive to the feedback given.
Because you know, it's nearly the same as moto x lock screen
This app is amazing. Useful with great features with minimalist but great design. It makes checking notifications so convenient and is awesome. awesome
It malfunctions quite often but I love it.
Love the unlock animation
My Google now football card keeps appearing and the screen keeps going on, all the time, even when there is no football game going and even at night... It does the same for the weather. The point is to save battery, but this does the opposite by lighting up the screen all the time. Apart from that, the rest is really good and very useful app!
Been using this since it's early days and it's great to see this just get better and better over time. Can't live without this on my phone now.
Icons are a little small but work well. Good update.
Please take away notification icon
How do you uninstall it it says you have to deactivate it to uninstall
Liked it enough to donate, but would be perfect if I could use any wallpaper, not just my home screens.. Apart from that it is a stylish app..
Can't imagine myself without it. 10/10
Awesome
wonderful app that works great and looks amazing my only issue is a small issue the app blurs things like profile pictures and music but not your wallpaper so i hope the app can blur our wallpaper.
It makes your phone useful again
Support this development and dev!
The best lock screen out there keeps getting better.
Muito bom
I wish I had the ability to use a wallpaper separate from my home screen on my lock screen.
Does not have to turn on the screen everytime some notification comes
Amazing app, best lock screen on the market but one thing, can you make it compatible with the HTC One M8 dot view case?
I needed an app that minimized my notifications on the lockout screen and this does exactly that. Very user friendly
Even when I intentionally swipe longer. Would be great if swipe length was a user setting.
Best app I've ever downloaded!
An excellent app.
My home button still works when this application active. Please fix
I been looking for a app like this its the best lock screen app too me.
Very good
Great lock screen but could u please add the option to change the lock screen wallpaper to something besides the home screen wallpaper? I would like to have a different home screen wallpaper and a different lock screen wallpaper.
Simply the best lock screen replacement. I have told a bunch of friends and they've made the switch.
awesome app
The design is very beautiful yet sinple and it is very useful to see the notification also to dismiss it. Love the ability to use the sensor to wake up the phone. Donated!
App is perfect except being unable to dismiss notifications from the lockscreen
Great job by the developer making an app that is so useful and also easy to use.
I love acdisplay but I think that something is missing.I think a pass code or a pattern!!
Simplistic, easy, and elegant. The best lock screen that I've ever installed. Good job! :)
Really love it except it relocks immediately instead of respecting delayed lock if it wakes up for a notification and then times out to return to sleep, leading to more password entries. Still a time saver overall though.
Truly awesome!
So when can we see some mind blowing new capability in this app
Best
Love the way it works. Would love to be able to set a wallpaper that is different from the one used for the homescreen though. Also being able to set a password would be nice
Best app one can get
Great apps, great interface. But it's always ask to swipe down and I have to press the OK button. Sometimes it's really annoying.
I love it.
I love it. Just wakeup don't work sometimes.
It's pretty good but requires stay awake permission and the persistent notification is annoying.  Also always warns about full screen
Perfection here. Give him your money
Keeps me showing me the messege "swipe down from the top to exit full screen" every time that the phone wakes up....
Could you please add text on lock screen feature...???
Would love to give five stars on eliminating the press OK blue bar to exit full screen mode which pops out randomly... Other than that,  no complaints.  Awesome app
You deserve to get a 5 star from me. Flawless app. Even getting better after the update. Keep it up guys!
I love the simplicity and the usefulness of AcDisplay, and especially the clean look. I have one request though: play nice with a lock set, and particularly the 'automatically lock after...' function. I want to set it to 1 minute,  so the passcode only comes on after 1 minute, but currently the passcode window pops up after every unlock, which is slightly annoying. But still,  an awesome app .
Acha h boht acha h
AcDisplay has definitely been one of my favorite "X replacement" apps, right next to Nova Launcher.                                                    Keep up the great work. :)
Great app
How do I get rid of that box that pops up where I have to hit ok? It pops up quite a bit and is frustrating. The swipe down from the top thing. It needs to go!
Better than dynamic notifications! Lovely design .... PLEASE make the unlocking animation faster/smoother, its laggy. Also get rid of the constant nagging 'swipe down from top to exit full screen' that shows in immersive mode. Nexus 4.
Love it
A great lock screen replacement. The way notifications are displayed is great, nice and simple and easy to look at at a glance. The music controls are nice too. My only suggestion would be to add some form of security (pin / pattern) but other than that, its amazing. Nexus 5 4.4.4
title says it all, this app really does work.  Just wish the sensors were a bit more sensitive but it doesn't take away from the app.
App crash fixed! Thanks a lot 
Everything is great... but please add music controls for when music is playing.
Really great app! Is there a way i can keep my stock homescreen from over riding the app though?
Just what I was looking for. I'm glad someone copied Motorola's active display feature. I do wish it had a built in secure lock function, though (pin/pattern).
The best notification/lock screen replacement ever!
This is hands down the best lock screen app I have ever used. The interface is simple and functional. I love the way it handles notifications and lets you expand and take action on them. However, when I lock the screen, it takes app a few seconds to relaunch the lock screen, so it frequently sends me back to my original lock screen if I take too long. In addition, the active mode has never worked on my Galaxy S4. It just makes the entire app crash and misbehave very frequently. It doesn't even wake the screen like it is supposed to. I would also like to see the option to put more status indicators on the lock screen. The battery meter is good, but I would like to be able to see wifi and cell network bars without having to unlock my phone (maybe even a weather plugin). I would also like to be able to launch the camera quickly by swiping in a certain area (like on other lockscreens)
Great app
This app does a great job of replicating the Active Notifications feature found in the Moto X. It has quickly become an indispensable addition to my Nexus 5. My only complaint is that Android constantly thinks it's a full-screen photo and shows the blue 'swipe to exit' popups. They came up 22 times yesterday alone! There is no setting to turn them off, as far as I can tell. This alone loses the app two stars until it is fixed. Great app otherwise.
This is one of the best, if not the best locking app that I've used, super useful and free! Great app!
Great app
Last update ruined this app.  Had to uninstall.
This is a great lock screen app. I love that ibcan view each notification as well as interact with each one. Well done.
Great app !!!
The best so far
PERFECT FOR ME AND MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT NOTFICATION CHECKS just flip the screen and done and no time outs or freezes
Love the unlock animation, one of the main reasons I use this app.
Beautiful design and functionality. One small bug is that there is always a notification explaining how to get out of full screen, which won't stop me from voting 5 stars anyway
I cannot begin to describe how awesome this app is. Download now. You won't regret it! Big props to the dev. :)
Good
Super stable and works very well. Doesn't eat up battery either.  Check it out!
Please provide more featured setting for more customization
I usually don't install apps that change that vanilla flavor of my Nexus 5 (like alternative launchers or keyboards) but this one is a sweet addition and a clean, elegant way to show and interact with notifications.
This really is a great minimalistic lock screen, my only problem is that sometimes it doesn't work... Which sucks cause I want to show everyone how great my phone looks with it, but I can't if it doesn't work. (yes I've checked the inactive times)
Whenever I quick reply to a text message,  behind the quick reply is AC. Displays settings. It ruins the experience
why cant i uninstall it ?????
I absolutely love this app. Works great on my LG G2. The only thing I see every once in a while is the exit full screen notification but that's very minor.
Nice app
Best lock screen app!! Awesome!
Can you add a weather icon also?
But how does the sensor thingy work? I tried but I didn't get it please help
most clean, yet efficient lockscreen. looks great and runs great on my m8
If y press home twice it unlocks also if I scroll down top bar. I hope this application completely locks screen. Btw it has permission activated. HTC one device.
Love this app. Does what the developer says it should do.
The only problem is you can get through it with the home button... But theres no password on it anyway so it doesn't really matter. Great app, my favorite lock screen so far!
This app is awesome, simple. But it would be nice if the app supports lower versions of android rather than 4.4 and 4.3.
Easily one of the best and cleanest lock screens out there. Works as advertised!!!!!
Get it now
Hopefully there's a way to set a different wallpaper for your lock screen instead of following the wallpaper from the main page itself! That would be great :)
Very very nice!
Really makes my S5 seem like a new device. Makes the lock screen so much more functional. Occasionally my touch wiz lock screen will show instead of AC but still well worth it.  Like active display but nicer.
Really thank you.. For the app.. Only I don't like the constant notification on the drop down menu
The lockscreen works great, but there are a few aesthetic features that I feel could be added.  1. Quick access to the camera 2. Ability to change the background independent of the homescreen background 3. the ability to remove the dots (the dots appear on a black box for me, though that may be due to my rom)
Didn't get to finish my review last time LOL. The tiny bug is that when you say "OK Google" from the lock screen to activate Google search, the default lokscreen will take over AC Display after you quit your search. Again, not a big issue but just throwing it out there for the dev to have visibility on this. I'm using a oneplus one running CM11S so it might be more OS related.
I've been stock crazy android person under an impression that neo launcher n custom lock screen sucks living lights out of RAM.   Well, all that changed now. thanks ;D
Just an amazing lockscreen. A little buggy, but that can be easily fixed over time. One suggestion I would like to add is the ability to have a separate custom background for the lockscreen, and not have to use the homescreen wallpaper.
Pretty good. Sometimes my regular lock screen shows up
Great options and beautiful lockscreen, but as a lot of other things like this, there is no landscape mode. As a tablet user, I use a lot of apps in landscape mode. Games, YouTube, and it is annoying that the screen does not orientate the way I am holding the tablet. Big problem.
This is just awesome!! I wish i could give it more than 5 stars!
Great
I love this app! It was fine until today and now it won't dismiss notifications. It just grays them out but they're still there. Please fix!!!! And the lock screen needs a bit more features. One I'd like to see is that the home button is disabled. Right now if you get to the lock screen and accidentally press home it just closes like a normal app and you're back to your home screen.
The greatest app on my phone! Beautiful lock screen and awesome notification display!!! I would give 10/5 .. 5 stars is not much.
This app is so awesome I'll keep using it even after finding a bug . So when I first installed the app it worked perfectly but whenever I tap on the home button to quit an app to lock my phone it always takes me to my default phone lock screen and after I unlock it then It displays another lock screen which is the ac display this is actually a bit annoying . I don't know if this bug is common on all devices but I own an HTC one m8. Thank you for making such an awesome app and please fix this .
Acdisplay works well on my z1 compact best lock screen and notification app on Google play install you won't be disappointed
Would be exactly what I'm looking for if it allowed lock screen shortcuts to camera and other apps but unfortunately can't use it without
It does what it does, exceptionally well. They only thing I'm missing is 'breathing', but still worth 5 stars and a donation.
One of the best. Impossible to beat. However I do wish that there'd be an option to get rid of the on going notification.
Simply love it!
This app may be the reason that I upgraded my mobile to Kitkat, a must have app for users who don't have privacy issues.
really cool. Stable and clear. Extremely outstanding! This is the first app that can entirely replace the system lockscreen using xposed module. I loooooooove it.
Love it.
Doesn't work too well, even with my default lockscreen turned off it for some reason wants to boot up to my default one then transform into acdisplay... Anyway, it has its faults. Please fix. I would go more in depth but Google has a really annoying cap on ratings. Don't know why, it would seem more logical to be able to leave the most detailed as possible ratings... Love it when it works, but it doesn't work reliably enough to be an everyday lockscreen. At least for me...
This is a really sleek way to view the notifications, great job! A couple of changes I would make are an ability to put the clock and the icons higher up on the screen, and in addition, I would allow the user to use a background photo that is not necessarily their home screen.
Fantastic app but one question: is there any way to have the ac display not show in the notification menu as a running app?
THIS THING IS AWESOME
It looks nice and works great. I just have one problem. Is there anyway to get rid of the notification it gives me in the pull down shade? It makes my notification shade feel cluttered.
It's great! I actually disable Active Display on the Moto X in order to try it, and I have to say... I really enjoy it! Only a couple things that I would like for you to change: Please make "active mode" more sensitive. Coming from Active Display, it just simply isn't sensitive enough to know when it is taken out of a pocket or something. Perhaps just give a sensitivity slider? Also, please enable a pin/pass code that can be used with this, so it won't revert to the old lockscreen. Other than that, it really is great! It could just be better for the Moto X specifically, as we're spoiled with Active Display.
Will use this on my Moto X's custom ROM!
Great ideas, great implementation, brilliant app!
New version is very much improved! Any way to remove the notification though? When you enable it as lockscreen particularly.
Very good! No bugs no problem. It does what it sais .
I have a gs4, and this app is set as my lock screen. The only problem is that it constantly turns the screen on even when there isn't a notification. This makes me pocket dial and do all kind of things. Need to fix this issue.
Being an owner of Moto G, I wanted an app that was similar to the Active Display feature on Moto X. Stumbled into this app after trying out a couple of others. This one works like a charm! I liked the feature where the notification image is displayed as a blurry full-screen background. It can seamlessly handle multiple notifications. I've been using it for 2 months now and it hasn't crashed even once! The app is extremely stable. To top it off, the app is barely 1 MB in size. One of my friends who owns a Moto X looked at this app and has been using it ever since. So I started out looking for an app that sorta replicates what Moto X does and I ended up with something even better. Kudos to the developer.
I rarely write reviews, but this app just blew off my mind! This is the most amazing notification lockscreen ever! Works perfectly fine, no bugs discovered yet. A full 5 star for the developer. Made my phone a whole lot smarter.
Excellent... Well deserved
awesome
I have a droid, so I kno what to expect. never makes an appearance on my 4G galaxy tab 4, '14 model. mayb this is bcuz I have 'google now launcher' installed as well ??
This app works flawlessly! Like someone else mentioned an option to set your own wallpaper would make it even better. That being said,  its still 5/5
Works perfectly fine on my Note 3 SM-N900
The clock changes it's font to a bold font. How do I fix that?
Works perfectly and looks great. No complaints at all.
Everything so extremely perfect. This is so far the best notification app seen. But for a small lock screen bug. When unlocking or when a call comes the default lock screen appears and then goes to the home screen. It is a minor bug, if u can add an option to "disable the home lock screen" then this will the best. Five stars for sure.
This is by far the best app for notifications. It works flawlessly and you can tweak so many aspects of the way it works.  Very well done.
Brilliant app! Simple with great functionality!
Very minimalist and allows a quick glance at information without having to unlock your phone.
Although, it would be helpful to have some form of security.
I used  to use moto x and loved  it's active notification feature.  Now on shifting  to LG G2 was missing the feature  so much that I desperately  started looking  for something  similar 3rd party  app.  Luckily  my first try was Acdisplay.  The app looks so clean and intuitive.  Didn't expect this from the app.  Really great work by the developer. If you can somehow manage to show the notification  on picking up the  phone without clicking anywhere(as in the moto x). . This app will be definitely  bettet
Everything is awesome
but needs ability to set any image as background, different from launcher wallpaper
Best... Free... Everything...
I love it
Simple and effective.
App stopped working after update to 4.4.4. Now I can't force stop it, uninstall it or deactivate it. My Sony Xperia Z1s lock screen is super buggy now & forces me to restart it several times a day. How do I remove this blasted app?!?!
Love this app it's very amazing and gorgeous, just one con. It lacks security once that comes to the app I'd be in love
The entire app is working great now!
Previously I sort of hated notifications, even when interested in the content.    I usually always had them disabled.  With AC Display I am able to wrangle the notifications, enable them in an organized manner and make full use of the other apps I have installed.  Love the work you have done here.  Enjoy the Coffee.
Incredibly useful app
This app will never leave my phone.
Works exactly how it should. And when I wanted to tweak it a little further, the option was right there in the settings.  Would love to see it combine with the pattern unlock feature, then I fear this app would be unstoppable.
But the icon in the lockscreen way too small.
Great app one annoyance is that pop up when in full screen the popup that says how to slide down to exit full screen opens every 5th time I wake my phone create an option to disable it. Would give 5 stars after that. I like full screen I just don't need to see that after the first time
It was working flawlessly but then i installed the xposed module swipeback after that acdisplay became completely transprent like i can see the home screen or an app in the background. Then i removed swipeback and now it shows black background even though the wallpaper option is turned on. I really love this app its one of my favs please dev fixxxx :)
Amazing
Sweet app. Maybe an implementation of pocket mode in future updates?
A great lockscreen,but the active mode isn't working on my Xperia M. The sensor is on but the screen doesn't go off when itis covered. Fix that and 5* :)
I love it! So fast and reliable
I emailed the developer about an issue I'm having with 4.4.4 and he still hasn't replied in over 2weeks... But I keep getting the "swipe down to return from full screen - press OK" message and button which forces you to click it or wait and so the usefulness of the app is diminished. Hope they can disable this somehow...
Is there any chances of show all notifications from the same App? I mean, if someone writes two messages, I want two notifications with the two messages.
Works better than the moto X. Love it.
I can't delete
Awesome application.. Really helpful
Please make this app compatible with canvas 2+ it's an amazing app
Too bad that it drains your battery. That's a big minus. Aside from that, terrific app!
More customizable
Much better than the first version, give yourself a chance and try it out!
The app is really good I think it helps a lot. But one thing that bugs me is that when you get a notification the screen will wake, but if you don't open it and let the screen go off again, when you wake it up it won't show the notification. It will be the default lock screen. Hopefully this can be fixed
Bravo  
Great for peeking notifications
I've used it before a couple of months ago and the experience was unreliable, but now it's a breeze to use!!! But one thing that does bug me is always having the AcDisplay services notification when I pulled down the notification bar.
Is there a way to turn off the help text that tells you how to exit full screen mode? This is very annoying and I might uninstall only because of this.
Can't uninstall!
Best app for lockscreen notifications so far!
App says permission isn't granted even if I grant permission
Very brilliant and clean notification app best work on my moto g
Looks so good like omg like wow
This app is awesome. I would have given it 5 stars but the active mode is not working at all. When i am taking the phone out of the pocket, it is not waking up the screen and not showing any notifications. If this issue is resolved then 5/5.
By far my most favorite lock screen app. Thank you for making a great app that works as it should.
Always evolving.. Love it!
This by far the best but the only thing for me that would make it perfect is a lock like a pin or a password
Have had no problems at all. It is simple it is effective and I have notice how much I rely on this feature now :) minimalistic design is perfect for me !!!!!! good job overall. Moto G
Won't let me uninstall
Everyone should download it..no problem as of now
Pure brilliance ... What an app man...genius...
Great app..it'd be great if you could add an option to switch style like the one you had on older versions (similar to moto x)
I would like to know by turning on active mode would it gng to harm my battery??
Love this
When i press home button, its unlocked.
Great, but would love some more customization for wallpapers and lock screen.
This new version is even better than before. Love the new functionality like being able to control my music. That's the only thing I didn't like before but now it's pretty much perfect!
It works very well. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a gorgeous and useful lockscreen.
Hands down the best notification lock screen I've used to date. Ease of use, style, functionality,  all 5 stars. Love, but can't believe, that this app was free. Thank you.
Cant deactivate it either
Not working on my s4, and it I cant get it to uninstal...
Bug on lock screen, app intermittently days to swipe down from the top to exit full screen.
It's a great application. If only you could add an option of active display  staying active even in the absence of notifications like in the Nokia devices. It adds greater usability by helping to see the clock time without pressing the unlock button and making the device visible even at night.you do it and you deserve even six stars. Thanks
This app is absolutely perfect. Will be donating! Good job dev.
Working great, easy and nice.
Hands down the best looking and best functioning aftermarket lock screen.
Works amazing :-D
For certain notifications--which have 1-line row height in notification tray (example, USA Today)--I even lock screen to read those with this on my locked screen! Greatly helpful - we can read messages, Facebook n' other notifications, news updates one by one without unlocking the screen. But, could you please remove the "Swipe your screen from the top to exit from full screen"? It's driving me crazy. After the recent few updates, it's coming up ten-twenty times a day. Annoying, intrusive. Else, it's great!
One great app !
Use this daily, notifications are brilliant on lock screen. Tremendous utility when low on power. Big thanks to the Dev!
Super like
Absolutely brilliant way to receive notification from screen off. Like the active display. No major battery drain on Nexus 5. I know its in beta stage but the lock screen would be nice if you could swipe over clock to load the clock etc
It's good i like it well done.
This app is amazing, simple, useful and beautiful. It shows the notifications the way they should be presented.
Superb app,looks sexy..
Awesome app!!
Love it
Well done
Fast, light, and rock solid.  This is now on the list of must-have apps whenever I get a new phone.
Find no difference in battery usage
Updates often and at this point; I couldn't say a single thing wrong with it really. It lessens the amount of times I have to unlock my device, and going through notifications is a breeze.
Active Mode runs fine, doesn't drains battery significantly, keep it up !
One of the best port being done.. 5 stars
You are very talented! This is one of the best apps I have come across.  I genuinely wish you best of luck on your future apps. This app is awesome!
There are very few apps I would say are game changers - Touchdown for email, TiBu, Root Explorer, Bleacher Report, to name a few.   AcDisplay is DEFINITELY  in this category.  I don't have a Moto X, but I can't imagine that even its active display is any more robust than what you get here.  Can't recommend this app highly enough - WELL DONE, and it just keeps getting better!!
The best app of all time. Period.
Thanks so much.  Very stylish and reliable.
Can't get a better app for notification
Brilliant App
The app works great, but there should be a baked in option (root or not) to make it a system lock screen
I like it, but I'll still stick to the one with my custom ROM...
The app wont uninstall now.... Thanks
The best lockscreen and notification center that i've ever used
Cai vo roi ko uninstall hay deactive gi uoc het
Very good,  wish it had some more misc functionality, such as being able to swipe up to dismiss the notification from acdisplay, but not from the notification bar. So far, so good.  Wish I knew if it worked with encryption.
Works great love the unlock animation! Very well done and useful app!
I absolutely love this lock screen
Looks good, works good. I love it!
I absolutely love this app, I really have zero issues with it. I don't know what the Motorola active display is like but I can't imagine it's much different than this. I love when you pull your phone out of your pocket it gives you a quick idea of what you have for notifications without powering on your phone. Great job!
Not allowing screen to wakeup during incoming calls.
Super ....but active display option is not working ...it doesn't turning on display when shaking the phone
This should be a standard feature.
Absolute epitome of personalisation. A small module but a huge addition to Android. Nearly makes the power button redundant by bringing the notifications to your fingertips as they arrive.
Active mode is not working in my asus zenfone 4 Fix this
This app is great. I love the functionality the dev put into an already awesome idea. The only problem I have is that the blacklist feature doesn't work at all. I have everything blacklisted, including system apps, and WiFi notifications still turn on the screen.
Just what I was looking for.
Love it.
Android's default notifications bar is OK,  but not so much on the Samsung.  When your phone is locked. This app has some cool features where you can peek at or dismiss notifications without really having to turn the phone on. This app is one of the main reasons I will be switching to a Droid device when I upgrade. Nice work.
Love it.. Its beautiful.. It work great.. Overall 10 on 10
Best app used so for...thanks dev..Thank you very much..appreciate your work..
I love it! It's awesome.
The ability to change the wallpaper to more than just black or default home wallpaper would be my biggest request. Some kind of security would be nice as well.
More than I expected. Thank you
I had dynamicnotifications installed and was disappointed despite it's high level of customization options.  This app doesn't have near the amount of options but it works MUCH better.  I have a few requests/suggestions though (you may already be planning on adding these):  1. Using the built in motion sensor to trigger the display.  For example, I bump my phone to make it show my notifications. 2. [EDIT] Found the blacklist, didn't notice it at first.  Woo hoo.  3. Be able to hide the notification bar the app creates in my top menu bar.  I guess it's related to the permissions, but my bar is cluttered as it is with an extra permanent notification stuck in it. 4. Make the home/volume buttons inoperable in the lock screen.
Amazing
Should be the vanilla Android lockscreen! Best lock screen replacement app out there!
Wonderful addition to the system
Just like Moto X.
My auto brightness stopped working when I'm outside.
I might be nitpicking but the unlock animation can be improved. Instead of a lock getting larger, how about a small lock that moves or unlocks when swiped? Anything discrete would be nice. Also, a few other have mentioned it's difficult to swipe away notifications. Maybe an option to shorten the length needed to swipe them away? Or option to swipe down to remove them? Thanks for reading and hope you can consider these suggestions! EDIT: 5 stars now! This app is perfect!
Good. Need update add more features
This is the epitome of perfection. Beautifully crafted and well designed, it changes the way stock android feels. Sadly, as non rooted user, settings causes issues and the lock screen is the biggest one of them. I'm sure future updates will try to fix them!!
Seriously awesome lockscreen! I've probably tried every one but this tops all. Great UI, buttery transitions, stable, very reliable, drains no battery AND switches on itself when it comes out your pocket or case! A few things it needs though: it's own built in passcode lock, ability to change the wallpaper separate from what's on my homescreen and music contols. Otherwise, keep it up! Hopefully the dev listens to users. It seems like they do!
This app does not work on my galaxy S3 and still not allow me to uninstall it. Now this crap app is stuck on me phone. Do not download. You will never get rid of it.
So neat interface love it ,,, can you please give an option of adding widgets i'd love to make it my default lock screen please give option of adding widgets
Love this app, just one minor annoyance after the update is the "swipe to exit full screen" notification keeps coming back
AWESOME app! Replaced my previous favorite "DynamicNotifications". I will give you the 5th star if you fix lockscreen mode so you cannot get out of AcDisplay simply by pressing home button (using GS4/i9505 here). DynamicNotifications had that feature but it required you grant their app admin rights. I already have to grant admin rights to AcDisplay so it should be doable to add the feature and (for those that disagree with the request) add a preference to block the home button exiting to home screen or not. PLEASE ADD IT!!!!!
5/5 great product
This will be extinct be the time 4.5 comes around so grab it will you can peeps essential
Love it
The design is amazing. And updates are always coming making it better and better. This is the first app I've really wanted to donate to. Keep up the good work!
Brilliant work
Just perfect. Can you setup higher sensitivity for proximity sensor in next updatr
Works perfect ! Thanks much !
Some of the functionality of the app wasn't working for me and the developer responded to my concern immediately! There was an update with a fix like the next day! Great app, great developer!
Great App
Ability to choose a different wallpaper would be nice
Having this app wake my phone up when I take it out of my pocket is awesome, the fact it barely takes any battery life to do it is amazing. There is only one annoyance, my phone keeps telling me to swipe down to get out of full screen mode randomly. But overall, you can't beat this.
Best replacement for lock screen.
This is better then the other ones that are smiliar to it. I'm amazed samsung doesn't buy out this app ND make it their stock lock screen.
Plz add the 'screen stays on ' feature.... it was great in the previous versions..... add it and I'll give 5 stars......
I use this app on all my devices, its basicly perfect BUT it desperately needs a WHITELIST!!!! Theres a blacklist but its a hassle because i block 90% of my apps including the system apps. It would be much easier if  I could only choose the apps i want and not the other way around.... 5 stars and donation when a WHITELIST is added.
I have used many notification apps. I must say this will give them run for their money. It's so flawless.
With each update, it only gets better. Great work developer!
Incredibly useful!
This is a must have app.  No impact on battery. Great!
It's good. Very good.
Just love it!!!
Could be perfect if it didn't unlock by pressing Home. Any advice on that?
Beautifully designed with some clever features! I gave it 4 stars as I would like to add a custom wallpaper and also be able to control my music on Spotify from the lock screen when playing. A direct access to the camera would also be nice. :)
When I first switched to android this is the only thing I thought was missing. A super fast way to launch everything I used my phone for. Minimalist. Functional.
Works great, looks great, simplistic to use and set up but has many necessary features!
Very nice and elegant. The music controls act up sometimes but everything else works great so I can't complain.
It can't be taken off of your phone once downloaded
Amazing work .. Thanks a lot
Beautiful, but it could be a bit more intuitive.
Amazing simplistic design. If rooted, you can even set it as the lock screen with the help of xposed framework. Amazing work.
Love this update!! Great work but one small thing can you do slide to delete notification?
New desig make more posible costumation. And dont forget for breath mode. Anyway, im still like use old design (like motoX) Hope you can add feature for old design AcDisplay. Thanks
Elegant. Gd customization options. Lockscreen feature is excellent. should be part of stock android!
Such a great, simple lock screen.
Love it, but what's with the annoying notification chimes ? How do I turn that off other than keeping my phone in vibrate mode or dismissing every notification immediately?
Can you add an option to use a different wallpaper than the home one? Maybe more options for the lock screen wallpaper... Customizable headers would be nice too.
It seems active mode causes issues (crashes) with several devices I own where I have tried to get this to work.  As long as I keep active mode off this app works as expected.  Fix active mode and thus is truly a 5 star app!
It's perfect the way it is. Totally stable. Similar apps don't work as well.
Amazing app! Nice work. Loved it
Does what it's supposed to and looks good, too.
Best lockscreen
I highly recommend this app for doing what it claims to, perfectly with no fuss whatsoever. I have used some paid alternatives to this one too but I had to come back to AcDisplay to get the best experience.
Nice but main function doesnt work. Locking the phone. Pressing the home button and phone is unlocked. Fix and its 5 stars
However, i have an issue on LG G3 where i cant swipe away notifications on Lock lock screen
Best locker with notification
Puts more sense in how we see notification
I keep getting the 'to exit full screen swipe down" notification. Please fix this, it would be prefect without it!
Finally a lock screen that makes sense to use, also doesn't affect battery life. Just one problem, sometimes Android thinks its a full screen photo and tell me to put the top of the screen down to exit which is annoying.
This app is stunning. Never sawed such. Smooth peformance and great visuals...
Nice one!!
Nice application, need some improvements
Needs an option to disable the fullscreen warning/instruction. It keeps popping up now and then. Also needs a way to disable the music controls.
Every time the lock screen comes, a tutorial starts regarding the notification bar drop down feature. Hope that shall be fixed.
usefullll
Please fix it. Else a great app.
Honestly maybe the best app on my phone. Love it!!
Quite an attractive solution to notifications. One thing that I think would be really helpful would be the addition of a camera shortcut at least - this is one app that needs to be accessed in a hurry, also with out having to go thru the security pin entry first. Also perhaps a way to open directly into the music app when playing music. I'm sure there's a way to implement both without cluttering up the minimal beauty of the lock screen.   Keep up the good work
5* best one in its league
BEAUTIFUL
Best app in this category.
I love the notification service, the unlock effect, and music controls. Would be even better with some kind of security lock, as for now. I love it!
This app is now an essential app for me.  The only minor problem is notification gets stuck in the status bar and can't be cleared until new one comes or reboot; I have seen other report this as well, so I am relieved that it is not just me.  Fix this and I will give that 5th star
I tried every alternative app for similar function, but finally settled down for Acdisplay..The best among the lot with least memory, battery footprint n ease of use.
Works amazingly well with Gravity Screen app. Awesome design. Kudos! Lockscreen feature can be refined. Waiting to see it in the next update. Like adding a lock unlock sound.
Love the app!
Sexy
It's very good so I donated. Heaps better then Peek
It's a great app...but is there any possibility to remove the blue "swipe down..." notification? It's annoying.
I really like the new way to dismiss notifications. Much more intuitive and easy to execute than the side slide.
The app doesn't really has any usefulness unless I select the lockscreen function right?
There needs to be quick access to the Camera, then 5 stars. One reviewer mentioned the Album Artwork being blurred. I like that. So if changes are made, have an opinion for either or.
Great job!
Exactly what I'm looking for. Seriously, I can't find any apps better than this.
Just what my phone needed!
This works great, especially on the Note 3 where Black pixels are turned off. I can say Ok Google from any screen, can use tasker to open the camera with a shake, and now have the Active Display. This is awesome.
I was always annoyed by my friends who had active displays on their Lumia devices. I knew Motorola had one of its own, but exclusive to the Moto X. But, this app was all that I needed!!
O unico ponto negativo sao as notificacoes persistentes quando as opcoes de tela de bloqueio e  modo ativo sao ligados...
plus it looks amazing! now that it has music controls the only thing I'd like it to also have is some kind of secure lock screen replacement! ;)
Its a good app.. But I always get "swipe down to remove.." Notification .. Kinda annoying ...
So much better than any custom ROM active display. Amazing work!
Works and works well.
I like the way this app handles notifications. I would like to pay for this wonderful app because worth it!!
Best active notification app...  Kudos to d makers.....
Perfect!
I would like to see paid version with more customisation options like the size of the clock and colors
I absolutely love the unlock everywhere animation ! Great of you to have included music controls. However the album cover is blurry / pixelated (not like the lockscreen default) could you please fix this. Nice work though
Never seen such app before...best app...moto x feature..kust loved it...
Hats off to developers what an app quite needy one....
Brilliant app. Very convenient, and looks really good. Works like a charm too. Could use some UI touch ups, and has a bit of bugs, but it's still in development and updates are coming rapidly and fixing any issues. Keep up the great work!
@Dev You my friend have an app that is the shiznit! It works well and I love it! Please keep doing what you do!
This is one hell of app*!!!   I love it
Please donate to this Dev! It's always being updated and added with new features!
Simple & Perfect.
Provides a nice notification centre on my Z2. Finally have full screen artwork on my lock screen since this was updated! Highly recommend
It bugs sometimes when swiping off a notification but it's not that annoying.
The best active display app available, bar none. Even Motorola didn't do it this well.
This new update is great with pinnable notifications and dynamic background that doesn't show your wallpaper underneath. But, still can't set your own wallpaper and the unlock animation making the screen all white is pleasing but might be battery drain. Maybe an option to not have it? Edit: developer addressed my concerns with every update, it is now the perfect lock screen replacement!
Best lock screen replacement you can get for your android phone  just improve active mode  it doesn't recognize
Proximity sensor fails many time.. Have to click button to show display
Brilliant app!
You know you want it! The new update is a real dopeness!!!!!
Love the unlocking animation, very android L. Plus the notifications are top notch.. Awesome app.
Loving all the features! Choosing which apps gets notifications on the screen would be nice, but not super important!
I give this $5 after the latest update. Amazing work
My favourite lock screen app.Proximity sensor works almost all the time. Clean and simple looks makes this app unique. Pls add options to set custom wallpapers.Hats off to the dev
What i can say is this is the best lock screen that i had been used.
Brilliant app
Jab mujhe koi notification milta hai tab mera phone khil utha hai, is nimantran neh meri zindegi ko phulo jaisa sundar banadiya hai. Abh meh bahaut santosh se notifications pudta  hu. Apka bahaut bhaut shukriya developer ji. Namaste
Its the best active display app! Plus the developer is continuously updating it with more features. Its simple but awesome! :) keep up the good work developer.
Great!  I like that you can pick which notification to respond to.   But because simple act of picking up the phone won't turn on the screen and it doesn't "breathe" the notifications, I won't break away from my Droid's "active display"... Yet.
Keep proving the App Pls!!!
Though it doesn't take away much from its functionality the active mode feature doesn't work for me at all. I can see the proximity sensor light up but...  I've had it since the very first version and I am really impressed... Now I see that you constantly make it better but I have no credit card to say thanks to you in my way. Keep working hard and study hard in order to become a successful programmer and bring us more great apps. Again I am really sorry I can't donate to help you buy that laptop you want!
I just hope that it gets better and better. Now it works really good, I love the new animation with the white circle. I just can't live without this app in any other phone. It's practical but at the same time gives privacy, and the most important thing, it saves a lot of time. Love it!
Great way to check notifications
I love the updates that keep coming in. Keep up the good work.
Love this on my OnePlus One! Would be 5 stars but what happened to being able to swipe away notifications? Edit: wow nevermind, looks like it's swipe down now! No warning on that change though but much better I like it!
Five star rating isn't good enough.    
Awesome
Well it saved me 10,000 rs, as i hve moto g & moto x has only this extra feature which makes it arnd 10000 more expensive. Great
This is seriously well designed app and I'd actually prefer this over the Moto X one. EDIT : I'm really happy that the bug I reported was fixed in the update
Exceptional looks n performance. Calmly does its job to perfection.
An option to kill notification if you are getting many of them within a time frame will make it perfect. Something like, silence all notification for 5 minutes if I got more than 5 notification in the last minute.
This app is awesome
Its good app..  Very usefull one.  Waiting for next improvements
Deprecated version was better. Luckily I didn't uninstall it 
There is little left to be said... I just love this app...
Awesome :good:
I will really appreciate if you do something like a knock on with this app great work thanks
Gets better with each update. Keep up the good work.
Awesome app.. Keeps showing me how to exit full screen though on my Nexus 5 and didn't do this on previous versions.
More intuitive, prettier, and more reliable! And free
Smooth
Now, it's perfect! Thanks for fixing the Active Mode issue I addressed earlier! 
Nice improvements
Ideal lockscreen notifications solution.
Nicccce
It's so clean and just works it's the easiest 5 stars I've ever given!  Keep it up.
Awesome unlock animation. I receive notifications when pulling phone out my pocket and pretty cool looking music widget
Great
Seriously the best lockscreen out there.
Really love this. Nice and clean design, smooth animation.
Exactly what I was looking for!
Really impressed
Wooow
I wish I can treat you an ice cream 
I really missed this feature when I move away from my Droid Maxx.  Now I have it again.
it would be great if     1.the app unlocks the phone like it did in the previous versions. the white circle didnt  cover all of the screen for a while after unlocking,     2. and the screen always tells me to "swipe down from top to exit fullscreen". if both are done this will be the best app for active display
Finally dismissing notifications makes sense again. Great app.
After the latest update, it has almost not usabilty issue! Highly recommended!
Would be better if we could customize.. like for mail, white color, for hangout, red color n etc
Still wondering why I downloaded this
The star says it all!
I love this notification lock screen! One of the best! It only takes about 40 MB of RAM. The lock screen is very smooth too. You can not only dismiss but reply to certain notifications too. There is only 1 little annoyance that even when full screen mode is off it prompts to swipe down to exit full screen. Specifically with active display on then out of I habit click lock button which turns it right back off. Then when I turn screen on again it prompts that
Love this especially the lock screen replacement, the only other thing I could want here is the ability to change the wallpaper on just the lock screen if possible.
The very best and smoothest lock screen replacement app I have ever used. I recommend it to anyone who wants a completely free and clean lock screen replacement. The only it's missing that I can find is a lack of a privacy settings or a privacy setting menu beyond a simple black list. I love the app but there needs to be more customization for privacy settings.
This app with lock screen enabled saves a lot of power on an AMOLED display. Plus, it looks gorgeous on an S5 when notifications happen. The music display on lock screen looks great.
Sometimes light the screen without notification... sometimes make the lock screen touchless and power off is the only thing that i can do
Awesome
Blacklist isn't working
This is a great implementation of lock screen notifications, especially if you use a PIN. For example, if you want to check what email you received, this saves you time by viewing the notification and lets you clear it, all without punching in your code. The swiping away of notifications used to be tricky, but was fixed in an update. 5 Stars, now!
Works great on my galaxy s4 with cyanogen cm11 :)
After the most recent update, the app causes my notification bar to get frozen giving me extended notification information when a notification first comes in and will no longer show time, wireless connectivity, etc. Please fix.
Love the addition of the music controls and swipe down to dismiss notifications. Both features were needed. Great app!
Its gorgeous, intuitive, stable, and now it has music controls!! My lock screen is now pretty much perfect. Oh and its free. I'd happily pay for this app several times over.
I used different lock screens but was never really happy with the way they handle notifications. The lock screen would get cluttered in no time. What I like about acdisplay is that it groups notifications making them more organized. Impact on battery is minimal, too. All in all a great app.
Must need for HTC sence.
Unable to make this app work. notification access is enabled but it still says access is not granted.. Fix it please
Well done!
Now its Perfect N Bug free .. !!
Thanks so much for keeping this app free...I'll surely donate something soon... Surely...
Works well.  Nice look to it
This app is just as good as the Moto X active display other than the fact that it doesn't save battery on my Nexus 4.  Minimalistic and very nice to look at.  If the developer can see this one thing that would be nice to add is security.  This would make it a complete lockscreen replacement.  Such as PIN, pattern, etc.  Great work
Music control was the only thing it was missing... And that has been sorted. Love the unlock animation. Thank you for all your hard work!
5 stars, just one thing I'd like to see in an update is that I have a Galaxy S3 and if I press the physical home button on the lockscreen it'll go straight to my actual homescreen if there was an option to block the physical home button that would be good! Otherwise a wonderful app.
Fast, clean and minimalist, do as it promised!
Superb
Thanks for listening to my requests
After updating, it makes me to love it more. Why? Because, we can dismiss the notif by swiping down, not to left or right anymore. Swiping to side is quite difficult when i only have one notif. And the new animation, is beautiful.
I don't usually leave reviews for apps, but this one earns it. Makes the lock screen actually usable and attractive. Plus it's free. Nothing to lose. Get it. Love it.
I have tried many lockscreen apps over the years.  This one is by far the best.  It has a very simplistic look to it,  which I like. But what I think is the best part is the smoothness of the lockscreen. I've never had it look laggy or choppy.  The peek feature works flawlessly and the animations are very smooth.  Great great great app. Highly recommend.
Notification are Alway on. How to turn off or remove
Last update made this everything I wanted it to be. My only suggestion would be to add a concentric circle that opens to the home screen after the white unlock animation. Great work dev!!!
The best notification app by far! It works great on LG G2 with G3 Rom.
Epic
I like it, looks pretty good
Minimizing the usage of physical buttons.......useful feature......no battery drain issues........
Very good app! Neat.
I'm floored by how much I like this. Great work, devs, each update makes it better and better!
Best way to receive notifications. My only issue is when my phone is in my pocket it and I get a notification it wakes the screen and turns on the phone and opens up the notifications
Thanks a lot
Unable to uninstall it
I have a consistent notification which shows up only when I've opened the app or whenever I have a new notification from a different app. Its nothing except a tiny dot but it just refused to go away. Fix this and this app deserves a 5 star rating!
This app does exactly what it says on the tin. It's wonderful. The only thing lacking is more fleshed out lockscreen customisation! Which feels important, since this app basically functions from its lockscreen. For instance, the ability to open the camera from the lockscreen would be nice. It is a very nice app, though. (edit: update to 2.4.2 actually got rid of a feature.)
Love it!
This app combines great functionality (the active aspect) with smart, beautiful design. Major kudos to the dev, you've made a brilliant product. Absolutely no complaints.
This is hands down my favorite lockscreen as far as aesthetics go. I'm a big fan of the minimal look. I just wish it was an actual lockscreen replacement so that you don't have to gesture to get off the screen THEN unlock the device from the default lock screen.
I was going to rate this 5 stars, but the latest update makes me wish I could give it 6. Lightweight, functional, created by a developer that is straightforward and upfront. Best Active Display port I've tinkered with hands down. The addition of music track control is more generous than I expected and only more is to come.
But there is a very brief black flicker right after the unlock animation which gets a little bit annoying. Turning off unlock animation solves the problem, but then unlocking just feels too abrupt (and I love the unlock animation for AcDisplay). Please smooth out the fade out of the unlock animation. :)
This gets better and better, and every update comes with improvements and sometimes with new features!!! Congratulations to the developer, I'll donate something for you in a near future as a "thank you for your amazing app"
Hate the unlock animation. The one in previous version was better. The bright white light hurts the eye when using in dark. Overall the app works like a charm. Love it! (Except for the unlock animation)
I like the new update.
I love it . Keep up the good work
I have been using this app since day one, and cannot complain. The only feature I request would be the option to get the notifications but hide the preview msg. Otherwise keep up the good work!
It gives exact feeling like u are having moto x in place of moto g.
Just is amazing! Keep up the great work! If anyone wants an app to replace their lockscreen then this is it!
Added a ton of  improvements like music player support and easier notification dismissal. I've paid for a few similar apps; this is the best I've found by far. Awesome job
Love your app! Keep up the good work :)
Music controls added in latest update, so changed review title from "Pretty perfect!" to "Perfect!"
I'm glad that this app is still being developed, good job.
Loved it.
Loved it very handy app thanks
I wish more people know about this app. A must install for me and makes me managing notifications easier and faster.  Not sure about battery drain but no complaints here.  The fact that it is free, in itself is impressive.
Nice app
Didn't try looking in the help section for it,  but it showed me how to hide the notification, so this app gets five stars.
Simply amazing
The latest update fixed everything I had trouble with. Dismissing a notification is now a breeze, unlocking animation is beautiful, and it still runs as smoothly. A must have app!
Keep up the good work.
Sometimes it doesn't work.
Good to quickly see notifications without unlocking phone.
This program has given my N5 the one Moto X feature I most wanted.
There were some minor issues but after the last updated everything is perfect
Please add the features like pick up to activate, which is found in Moto X active display. But I must say you all did a nice job.
Overall, it works really well! It works very similar to that of the Moto X but has a unique twist to it that is very much appreciated. One issue: when my phone is lying screen up and I have a new or old notification, AcDisplay will come on, timeout, then come back on seconds later. It can put a toll on the battery life when left unnoticed!
Love the new animation.. It can have more options in customisations..
The update has made it even better
Loved it
The notification area for AcDisplay is always around with no way to remove it.
Works really smoothly, looks really great. Best implementation of 'active display' anywhere.
Update: complained yesterday about the lock screen animation and here i have the requested feature... Gave 5 stars now...(old: Looks great on an amoled. Doesn't consume much battery either. But Artem, why did you change the unlock animation? Now it lits up the entire screen white. It's bad. Please reset it back to what it was in 2.4 debug version. Thanks. Disabling lock screen till then.)
Still missing some features from the original beta (dismiss /remove notification)
But it could to better if the interface was changed to the moto x interface
Please add breathing option.
The white transition when unlocking looks bad. UPDATE: Thanks developer! I initially searched in the Lock screen settings. I found it somewhere else.
One of the most useful apps! Love the new changes. I don't have an OLED screen so I enjoy the new animation.
I only use the lockscreen mode, do you think you could add an option that would deactivate it if there is no notification?
Check the date buddy.
excellent
Please keep it this way.
Awesome !!!
I like the app a lot but it would be better without the timeout bar and a bigger icon of the notification in the center like on moto x. Thank a lot
Awesome!
Simple and sleek with straightforward options. Can't imagine not having the app. Moreover, devs are very accessible.
And it's free :-)
Elegant
Everything about this is awesome. I only have two little problems.... I can't seem to swipe the notifications away on the lock screen?(SOLVED LOL) And every now and then the blue help instructions pop up.. You know "swipe down from the top blah blah" and you have to click "OK". .. Maybe just add a toggle in settings to disable this or enable it. Amazing none the less. I'm using this on my moto g 4.4 4 and I love it. Thanks man
What can I say Artem? Perfection.
works fine...
Good but with this latest update the unlocking transition that makes the whole screen white before unlocking, is really unpleasant in my case. If it's possible to choose the transition animation would be awesome.  Great app non the less.
Simple notif
Have few issues when used as lock screen but it is awesome
Unable to uninstall
excellent!
Best best
It is really an excellent app but the only issue with me is that dismissing the notification on lockscreen is not easy and it needs to be more flexible. Edit: The new beta is awesome and dismissing now is more than excellent
Useful app to have and does a good job. I have issues with sliding the notification bubble left or right. It currently requires a lot of effort and makes the interaction a  less fluid. Also pointed out by some other users. Please fix this and u'll have a near perfect replacement for the MotoX app ..
I recently switched from a Moto X to the Samsung Galaxy S4, and I was looking for a both an active display replacement and a lock screen replacement, and this was more than I was even asking for.  I really love the design and it looks GREAT on the display. There are a few features I think could be added and some special root additions but overall I love it. Recommending to every Android owner.
Could be better
Awesome app and the pocket sensor thing is fab. I wish there was something that could make the phone active on flips to.!!
Like active display should work even if the phone is placed face up and I pick it up, it only does it when the phone is facing down. Also please remove the constant notification that active display is on
Works well enough but please remove notification area settings. It's cluttering up the area unnecessarily. I'll go into the app if I want to change settings.
I really liked the circle in the lock screen notification. It's just a design that I personally prefered. But there is something that bothers me and it is about the fact that when I activate "lockscreen" and "active mode" they both stay in my notification window. Could you take them out, please? And there isn't a number badge for WhatsApp messages.
Great but, add tablet support. Most specifically make it possible for landscape mode. Add music controls too. The active mode does not work either.  Please fix problems and I'll rate 5 stars. Thanks!
It doesn't get uninstalled... :(
Awesome app.  Saves a lot of time!
I really like this app - it is intuitive to use after seeing notifications for the first few times, and it is a nice touch that an image will pop up dimmed/blurred in the background (like a facebook profile picture when you read a message from a particular person). My only issue is that calendar notifications will keep turning the screen back on until you manually dismiss them, unlike other notifications that turn the screen on once. 5 stars for a fix!
Real nice. This app is really convenient and beautiful. Would be better if it had music playback controls.
Have been using the old version for a few months, didn't realize there was a new version but great none the less.
There is a persistent notification for the lockscreen that is really annoying, would be 5 stars otherwise
Animations could be better.
Love it. It is fantastic but would like the active display to be a bit more aggressive and not have a space in the application drawer.
I like the app, but seemed  a little limited in function. Would have liked the text to be a little larger and more control over notifications. Can't seem to uninstall the app either.  But I realize, there seems to be a little bit of battery drain issue with it.
Great app so far. Runs well on an LG G2. Simple and sleek.
It hangs..causes my phone to hang..but besides that..its awesome..:)
The design is simple and gorgeous. The app works great apart from a few bugs like the help screen showing quite from time to time but it's understandable considering the state of the development.
Works perfectly
great, with many configurations, little battery use, keep update pal
I like where this app is going. It is already great, looking forward to new features. I replaced the active notifications functions on my OmniRom for this app. Consider that props.
Works really smoothly and well. Recommended.
Not properly functioning with the Nexus 5.
when i turn off my screen, the first time i see my wallpaper, but in the second one i watch the lock-screen wallpapers, and if you turn off then the on the phone, the app take some time to start
Keep on going, you are doing it great!
Works justlike Motorola x on My Galaxy Note 3.  Would love to be able to customize screen layout more ie. move digital clock to top and/or middle option.
Thanks for great apps. This app is among the best replacement of stock Android lockscreen adding more functionality that's very useful.. Very small foot print in memory and not resource hog.. Highly recommended for others to install.
Made my moto e moto x
I have used 3 notification tool apps till now. And this is the one which i liked till date.  Keep updating the app with cool features!!! Kudos friend!!!
AC Display is an excellent app for notifications. Very handy. No need to always unlock to check the notification. The update with lock screen is very innovative. I just wish some improvements to be incorporated like 1. Ability to apply wallpaper for lockscreen. 2. The slide to dismiss option is not so smooth as slight touch does views the notification rather than the option to slide. 3. There should be an option where once we touch the notification icon, the message should be visible till the screen goes off. But now i hav to keep the icon pressed in order to view.
HELP.. CAN'T UNINSTALL..
Don't use this if you don't have a snapdragon 801 or an equivalent. Prevents battery drain. It's so simple, but still so good!
How i delete this app? It doesnt let me delete such a bullshit
Great app but there are few things I would suggest -  I don't need to hold down my finger just to read the notification maybe you could add the option for it, the blue dialogue that says 'swipe down to.....' appear sometime the app is opened, and the last, it would be very nice if the active mode is coverage the action when I grab my phone from the desk.
Works great on Note 2. If it had shortcuts on the lockscreen it would be my go to.
It's one of the top most notification app available in the market. Perfect UI helps to see my notifications in minimal looking. Saves lots of time as no need to switch on to home screen than going to the App.     Expecting more from this app in future.
Only thing bugging me is there is no way to disable the notifications. The ones that say tap to launch the settings. Make it so we can choose to have them there or not. Till then three stars for you.
Has potential to be great app
By far the best notification/lock screen app. I've used this for months now and it's awkward to use a phone that didn't have the same features. Nice one Artem!
The ability to go right to the app that's notifying you would make this five stars.
Would be nice if your notifications would keep popping up on your sleeping screen instead of having to push your side bottom to see your notifications.  Also would be nice if the time pops up on your sleeping screen when you pick up your phone.
But would like the option of showing the last notification without having to touch it. Also, play controls are needed.
Please guide how it will uninstall.
This app makes my phone look freaking awesome,  and elegant.  Works great. Only one problem: Keeps showing me the pop up notification of how to use it (Blue Pop up) One time is enough... Lol. I got it!  Other than that,  we'll deserved 5 stars plus donation ;)
Why haven't I seen this yet? This is a lock screen replacement I will be using for a long time. I wanted to get the Moto X-esque look on my Moto G for a long time. The Devs are Brilliant
Fast Battery drain is a major issue wid this app
Consistently taking 20-30% battery usage
Great app. Is there anyway to get rid of the two notifications for lock screen and active display?? Also the wake on movement feature isn't working on HTC one m8.
i have a suggestion. its a very nice and usefull app for me. but i need to remove notifications from lockscreen not just open them. i suggest add a place where we can drag notificatio s to remove them. and also i want to remove status bar notification. i have root and enabled xposed so does it need statusbar noti yet to work?
Thank you!
Simple, neat with a minimalistic design and does what it says. Only problem so far is it requires me to key in my pin each time I unlock the screen even though my lock screen is set to require pin only after 30 minutes.The app seems to ignore the time set for auto lock. I am also unable to swipe away notifications. Further, CM security has marked the app permissions and behavior as a "DANGER". Kindly resolve.
Genius, just what I needed!
The best
One of the best lock screen notification apps. I use it with my Xperia Z2 with the default live wallpaper and it looks amazing. Best part is, I can jump to the notifying app directly from my lock screen. However, it may not suit some people, because of a lack of security option at the lock screen.
A lot to improve. But the application is excellent.
Twice it has got stuck in a loop of switching on the screen then timing out then straight back on again until the battery died
Overall Excellent application..
This is the first app I have used to replace my stock lockscreen permanently. I had envied iPhone users because of their lock screen, but not any more.The app handles notifications excellently. The only problem is you don't have music controls, and the motion-wake feature only works for me when I flip it over from being face down.
Please implement a better way of swiping to dismiss notification, e.g. swiping downwards, because swiping sideways is something really difficult to make work most of the time.
I really do enjoy the lockscreen, the only issue I have is that swiping away messages that are already read isn't very fluid. It takes me 3 or 4 tries to get the message to go away.
Hi. I think this app is great. It has made my phone much more functional. But for some reason, on my home screen, I keep getting the blue message "Swipe down from the top to exit full screen' along with the 'OK' button (which I have to press in order to use my phone).  I've been using this app for quite a while, but that message keeps reappearing a few times per day as if it thinks I'm using the app for the first time and is teaching me how to use it.  It is annoying to say the least.  Also, it is difficult to swipe away a notification. Overall, great app.
The kind of thing you expect to be built in by default
Great app !!
It keep going through the slide down fullscreen tutorial all the time.
Looking forward to new updates and optimizations! Wonderful app!
Very nice appp.....!
Good..!!!
Great, better than the now deprecated version. Dismissing notification is a bit finicky and you can only do it in one direction I think. Often have to repeat my gesture before succeeding, and there is not much of an animation to help you flick correctly. The full screen mode regularly triggers the how to exit full screen instructions ( they should only have been displayed once). This bug does not appear with the test notification.
Has completely changed the way I use my phone. It's so useful to be able to glance at notifications from the lock screen, Moto X style! Just needs music controls now..
Please add Android L support. Thanks.
So perfect on my Gs5
Awesome! But swiping away a notification could be made easier & better, and maybe you can use other sensors not just proximity (like when i pick my phone up from the table) and add an option to remove "AcDisplay - Active Mode" from notification. Still, 5 stars!
The app is great. Everything works well. One request I have is the ability to whitelist apps rather than blacklist them.
I really dig this as a lock screen replacement. Very slick, no noticeable performance or battery issues, and best of all, it's free. Only annoyance is the random reappearance of the tool tips every now and again, but that can be forgiven.  Great work!
I like
~Love it, wish the lock screen was 
Gives non AMOLED display phones the ability to also have a glance screen  does a great job.
Uninstalling is awfully difficult ... I am never going to suggest this to anyone
I remember looking for an app like this before, but at the time this app wasn't out. I'm glad I stumbled across this one. This app works well and looks great. I have one complaint though. The message for how to exit full screen mode keeps coming up. I'd prefer to only see this once: when I first enable the feature. Otherwise, this app is great.
And very well execution. Dev did everything right from start to the end. Excellent replacement for stock lock screen.
At a certain place of the screen if it is unlocked it would open the camera app. Music controls and album art please :)
Loved this is as a lock screen replacement, but as with any lock screen I have tried it tends to not always show up at boot or after clearing my ram. Luckily I discovered if you are rooted and have xposed framework you can use this as a module, and it works even faster and better than my stock lock screen. If you have root and xposed its better than default, if you don't it is still very good. Better than any replacement lock I have ever tried.
I'm just hoping they fix this to install it again. During a call, the phone doesn't turn off the screen so if you place it on your ear; you will start pressing things by mistake. On Nexus 5
Its an amazing app which fulfils all your needs, but it drains a lot of battery as it runs in the background. Also notification bar keep showing Acdisplay settings which is annoying as it cannot be turned off & takes 2 lines of my notification unnecessarily. Please try to fix such issues & there will be no app like this...Changing my rating from 5 to 3.
I think that the unlock circle radius is too big. Also, the always on feature while charging doesn't work.
Works ok with Xperia Z1, but I'm getting occasional info pop-ups when in full screen mode which is quite annoying. Also, active mode doesn't work and wallpaper has a tendency to switch between launcher and default lockscreen wallpaper. Fix these issues and it's five stars!
Works
Great, just like moto version.
Excellent app! Would give it 5 stars but I found that the screen doesn't always turn on like it should in active mode. But almost perfect, great job.
Very happy with this. Very happy indeed.
Love this lock screen. Only complaint is that I can't customize the static info (time, date, battery). Would love to be able to change fonts and edit the formatting of the date/battery info.
The app does a pretty good job but doesn't play well with the default lockscreen. I have a pattern lock setup and it makes me enter it each time, even though my setting is after 15 mins. Overall I still like it
Like peek only it actually works.
Am unable to uninstall no matter what I try. Do not install.
My only issue is the fact it overrides KitKat Music Lockscreen Widget, which blows. Is it possible to disable it whilst music is playing? I mean, have an option to disable it. Also, are/will there any bonus features for donating?
Great alternative to the native lock screen. Well designed too. However, the persistent notification it generates in the notification bar to launch its settings is a major irritant. A toggle to remove that would make it perfect.
Good looking app, dismiss notifications is still a hit and miss
A LA moto x on my moto g. Keep up the good work
Overall I love this app. It's a great replacement for my One M8's stock lock screen (which I wasn't a huge fan of). I love the clean and simple UI, and its nice to be able to respond to notifications without unlocking my phone. There are only 2 things I'd change for a 5 star review; I wish it had audio controls, and I wish there was a camera shortcut from the lock screen. If it had those two features it'd be perfect. Like I said though, very good overall.
Elegant and well made. But i found that facebook notification icon displayed wrong here in my phone. It looks stretched. But other than that is great.
Integrate with GCM. So apps didn't prevent run as background in notification panel
If it had music controls it would be five stars.
New version drains my battery :(
This is what I've been wanting for a lockscreen for a long time. Works very smoothly. Very occasionally my default lockscreen loads if I lock/unlock my phone really fast - not a huge issue though. The background changing  when holding on a preview is a slick feature. And I love the blacklist options to hide notifications from certain apps. Looking forward to future updates!
Cool app saves lots of time and active mode working good on my moto g but sometimes it does not work. I know its in beta ;). You can look forward to it and a bit difficult for me to swype the notifications to disable them. It can be made smoother. All the best. Cheers!
Works without flaw on moto g
But couldn't able to dismiss notifications. Please tell me how to do in Xperia sp.
Wow. Love this app. So clean and simple. Wish there was a camera shortcut and widgets but they don't seem to matter anymore. Way better than start or cover
The blacklist does not work at all, and apps that ostensibly are blacklisted will continue to bring up AcDisplay, causing unnecessary use of the screen. If this issue is corrected I'll add two more stars. Thanks.
Love it! Depending on your screen brightness and light sensor, it might or might not bother you of how bright the screen is. At night, it's not a problem because the brightness is really low. There's a neat trick I found though! Turn in active mode and check the box below it. Now, with the screen locked, hold your finger over the proximity sensor for 3-5 seconds and remove, the screen turns on to the a display screen! Hold it over again for 2-3 seconds and the screen turns off. Now you can check time!!
I'll donate $10 if you can tell me how to never see the "swipe down to exit full screen"  notification again.
Does exactly what it says. Works great. Looks great. Since new update the clock seems awfully low from center on the screen.... Nothing major but an oddity for sure.
would be nice if android L like unlock animation could be added with the lock icon at the bottom, there should also be an option to hide the active mode and lockscreen notification in the notification panel, it showed me one twitter notification twice too, that should be fixed
Ac display active mode, Ac display lockscreen notifications are fixed to the Notification bar unable to undo it.,  remove that feature.   Except that everything is good, nice work guys
Sure it IS a great app for lockscreen and notification but please in g2 mini active mode just something that bothering me. You guys in the dev team should see the active mode in the dynamic display app. And learn from it. After that this app will be UNBEATABLE!! Keep the good work guys in the dev team! I'll be waiting!! XD
I've just re-installed Acdisplay and now I can't interact with notifications (ex: Mark SMS as read). How to enable that feature?
A lovely way to quickly view notifications. The active mode is a bit inconsistent, however. I also am frequently seeing the "tutorial," which tells me to swipe down to exit full screen mode. Regardless, a very helpful app.
Would be great if persistent notifications for lock screen and active mode were removed. Unnecessary and inelegant. Would be five stars when done.
can't image my life without this apps but please remove the setting shortcut on the notification
Does what it says. Need more apps like this from developers.
Works perfectly on oneplus one
Works exactly as described, and beautifully might I add! And even though it's not mentioned in the description there's even an Xposed module included. not quite sure how it helps, but it opens the doors for a lot deeper system integration! Keep up the good work!
It is working good in my device. Excellent lock screen. Home screen wallpaper is used as lock screen background is excellent but also provide an option to use any wallpaper as lock screen background. I didn't noticed any battery draining in my device.
I love it but it drains 17% of my battery with active mode, when it's supposed to  show no increased battery use.
I currently have different wall papers as my home screen and lock screen, this app doesn't allow that - only uses what's on my home screen. Plus, I have to swipe to unlock with this app, then swipe my fingerprint to unlock right after. If this could use custom wallpapers & my fingerprint unlock, it would be awesome! Definitely a neat looking notification tool though!
I have annoy notifications from AC in my notifications bar? Eg. AcDisplay - Active mode. Please allow the user to dismiss this.
App worked as it said but I can't uninstall it...so that's kind of terrible. Uninstall button is greyed out and so now I have to have this app forever...
No access to camera or clock apps. Neither is there playback control of audio. These are functions that I've come to enjoy about the AOSP lock screen, and I hope AcDisplay adds the soon!
This is a well made app. I know it's Minimal,  which I absolutely love. It works really well on my LG Optimus L70. However I am using the Beta Lock screen option,  and when a Pop up comes in from GoSMS, it shows up above the lock screen. Is this GoSMS?  Or is it the locker?
Works well in my Galaxy S4, but i would love to have some lockscreen options like music control, some kind of secure unlocking option.
It can read your personal information
Causes crashes and conflicts,  cannot uninstall.  Please advise.
It is a very cool lock screen. However, every few times I unlock, it shows the "swipe down to exit full screen" notification. This is slightly annoying. It also sometimes takes a second to switch from the default lock screen to the ACDisplay one. Both these issues could be just my phone's (HTC One M8) flaws, but it would be nice if the developer could find a way around it.
V cool. My fav notification app...good job
I love this application,  please add a landscape mode for tablet and it'll be perfect
Beautiful, sober and very handy lockscreen!
Really awesome. Love the dynamic background.
Its a great application. Nice simple and interactive too. Great job done.
Would appreciate if there was a way to remove those two notifications of active display and lock screen otherwise a perfect way to bring notifications on fingertips
Doesn't work at all. Its a waste of my time.
No music control support
Love it
The delete option.. Then my review will go back to 5 stars.
Running amazing on the s5, can't wait for future updates
It doesn't work accurately inspite of the sensors being able to read.
This app is cool but it can be improved. The lockscreen can be done with smoother transition, and animation while swiping away the notifications is a bit hard. It can be smoothed out. Also there must be support for stock music players to show widget.
Its a great battery saver in Super Amoled phones due to black background. I like it
No bad sometimes it works when it wants to
I cant uninstall. Help.
Great app and does what it says it will. I know you're still working on it but one thing that annoys me about it is the persistent notification that comes with enabling it on the lock screen. As well if there was a way to integrate security features such as pin or gesture locking that would be amazing so I don't have to use the native locking feature underneath this app. Amazing job. Thank you!
Totally makes my moto g feel like moto x
Cons: Battery Eater :( Should be calibrated with better efficiency..
Awesome App, works like a Charm.
This is by far the best notification app...  Works like a charm on my nexus 7 2012...! Don't have to wake up the device to know if it's an urgent message or a spam email needed to be ignored! Excellent minimalistic design!                       EDIT: the ONLY thing missing is auto-rotatation compatibility.
The app is great, keep the good work! It would be great to be able to hide the fixed notification when the app lock screen is used.
Almost bought a moto x just for this feature.
I've been running it for 3 weeks and very happy with it, very useful.  Better then Nils.
I would like to delete this app from my phone. It is telling me that I must deactivate it. I believe I did that and it's still on my phone.
I wanna uninstall==!
So that it can be used as a lock screen. Great idea otherwise!
Very refined app. Now we just need those media controls, music artwork, and maybe an option to add some app shortcuts and define the icon set to use? 
APP IS GOOD ,  BUT THE APP USES BATTERY POWER. IT DRAINS A LOT OF BATTERY FROM MY SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 (GT-I9300)
Great, but I'd love a way to control music playback
I love the concept and the apps executes fairly well. The only issue I have is that sometimes it gets on a loop with text notifications. Turns screen on, timer runs out turns off screen then immediately back on.
The app is great, instead of drain a lot of battery and i detect a bug. Several times when I tried to turn on the screen,  it doesn't work the first or second time,  so I need to press the button several times. When I turn off your app,  this bug doesn't appear anymore. Please fix this. I have a Samsung Galaxy S5.
I do love this lock screen compared to my old, stock android one, if only there was a camera shortcut on the lock screen... (Please add a camera shortcut! :)
Still has a few kinks but works really great!
I've been using this for work a lot since I get a ton of mail and help desk notifications. It works as advertised and I currently have it as my lockscreen replacement. It allows me to filter out what needs to be answered immediately and what can wait. My only request is for an intent that Tasker can use to disable it during media playback for album art cover.
I know it's in beta. Doesn't work very well with sony xperia, For example active mode doesn't work.
Not intuitive for dismissing or even looking at notifications. No passcode option for unlocking. It was even really hard to uninstall because it needed to become a device administrator.
But wish you could make it easier to swipe away notifications
-_-
Apparently there were changes made to the S5's lock screen functionality.  It made notifications pretty much worthless if you're required to have a pass code to sync with exchange.  This completely fixes the problem.  I can see exactly what is coming in without having to unlock the phone. It looks great, no noticeable battery drain, and is very smooth.  Great app!
I kinda envied Motorola and iPhone users because of their notifications. Tried quite a few like DynamicNotifications but it's resource heavy. SlideLock on the other hand is too iOS-ish for my taste. Pls. bring back the circle time-out lock found on the deprecated version instead of the time-out dotted bar.
Great app just like the moto x but getting better
its an amazing app with rocking features.. and best part its free.. really loved it...
This is a beautiful lock screen replacement and notification app that needs just a few additions. I think that when the user clicks on an icon for a notification, they shouldn't have to hold it down to view it. Also, double tapping or dragging to notification content should bring the user to the app that provides the notification. Weather information and calendar would also be welcome additions!
Awesome lock screen best one I've downloaded so far the only thing missing is the option to disable my home button really irritating when I hit my home button on accident please add in the next update
Whoa!! Awesome, unique app! Notifications display beautifully & wake up ur screen
How do I change the Lockscreen clock font?  It's huge and bold and ugly.
Simple beauty
Honestly this is way better developed than peek. Definitely 5stars.been using since its first released.
I absolutely love this application! Who needs a Motorola phone? This is such a neat application. Especially the active setting. Only thing I can ask for is to add the ability to use the music and Spotify widget on the lock screen. Definitely gonna donate. Thanks dev for a great app!
I miss my camera icon on the lock screen.  Still a great app tho.
La aplicacion es buena, el unico problema es que mantiene encendido el sensor de proximidad de mi Samsung galaxy S3 (i747m). No veo justificacion para ello.
It keeps popping up, swipe down to exit full screen, then you have to press OK. I know that tips are helpful, but only for the first time that you use it.
Works well with the nexus 5
Finally an active notifications app that works flawlessly.
Bigger bold font in several apps resulting in incomplete notifications. Eg: Fifa official app .. Please fix this..!!
Love this app, just add more features and customization
Great app but doesn't let to send  SMS direct from the display like in custom's ROMs.
And the best part no noticeable battery drain
Can someone please tell me how I deactivate this app from my Samsung S4? I have tried deactivating it from here as there is the deactivate button but I keep getting a message come up saying this is an administrator app and should be deactivated before uninstalling! !! But it won't let me even in my phone settings as the uninstall button doesn't light up. Great app but drinking the life out of my battery
Overall it's a beautifully simple app that's light on resources BUT my blacklist settings keep getting reset. I don't need the screen to turn on when an app is updating :/
I am really loving this app so far. I do however find it sort of difficult to swype away a notification. Am I supposed to swipe on the icon right or left or am I supposed to press the icon then move up to the content and swype?  Some times I seem to get it to go away fine, other times it takes me a few tries before I can get it to go.
The idea and implementation is really good. One little thing is that it's kinda hard to slide notifications away, it should be more sensitive to the slide swipe. Excellent job otherwise :)
It's very useful 
It could have been better if it supported thumbnail view of the incoming notifications
Absolutely loving it now that its been updated!!
The design is great. The swiping off notifications needs work. And it keeps forcing my lock screen. I have my lock screen on a timeout of 15 mins. But when I get a notification and acdisplay is running it will force my lock screen no matter how long ago I unlocked my phone.
It will better text and app logo on display is bolder or bigger on tablet
On my Note II (N7105), it doesn't work unless lockscreen mode is active. Also, it would be a great option if it was possible to have lockscreen mode active only when there's a notification. Otherwise it's blocking immediate access to my lockscreen music controls when there's nothing to notify me about. Otherwise, the app works fine and looks good.
Great app for those who want a similar active display feature like Moto X. But I'll rate 5 stars if you could make a time interval for the notification to pop out. Like every 5 or 10 minutes.
Well designed and regularly updated. The "beta" lock screen functionality would replace the stock one, for me, if it also showed the next alarm. As with most lock screens, it still requires using the stock one if you want security.
Like it but kept finding that I would make make pocket calls.
This is perfect
Everything works great! Hope to see an option to rid of or hide the persistent notification when active mode is enabled. Other than that, very good!
Great dev, great app, and he keeps it free. I donated and will donate again to appreciate the hard work.
The best App
ALMOST.... the same active display as Moto X on my Moto G :)
Loving this app so far. A few simple suggestions would be to improve active display as it's a bit inconsistent responding when I pull it out of my pocket. Also, swiping away notifications is inconsistent. Sometimes it swipes away, other times it opens the app.
Best lockscreen replacement app so far.
I really like this app.  Would love to have the ability to set a custom wallpaper.  I find it pretty difficult to swipe away notifications.  And it doesn't always turn on when i pull it out of my pocket, but I'm sure these things will get ironed out.  Overall, it's a great app, and i look forward to seeing it progress.
It's a wonderful app I use this instead of the stock one on my moto x however it would be great if you could add a sensitivity adjuster? Cause most of the times I pick up my phone the active display won't turn on
Very nicely done and very helpful.....
Is there any way to blacklist open wifi notifications?  I've tried a couple of options with no luck.
It breaks other widgets and features.  Like Music widgets are inaccessible.. would be an awesome widget to overlay on other lockscreen.... but as it takes over whole system... it doesnt integrate well with others
Works like a charm does what I says on the tin
Great App. But, I am irritated by the help notification in while trying to unlock. "Swipe down"..It needs to be shown only once. Not necessary to show it every time I try to unlock. Now, it is like once in a while the message pops up and I have to touch "Ok" to proceed for unlocking
This app is gorgeous and has so much functionality for free. I had been using the paid version of Dynamic Notifications but prefer this one.
I can have a moto x like notification on my moto g great work team
Sometimes when notifications appear, particularly with WhatsApp, each first letter of each line has an underline beneath, kind of confusing.
I love this app, I've had a look at other and came straight back to this one but I would like to be able to add my own image as the background. I know it's a little thing but it's the things that count right?
Nice clean look.  I love the way pending notifications are displayed.  Lockscreen feature doesn't always work.
If it worked every time it will be so so useful.
Third rate.
Must download . Moto G
In CM 11, when i press the whatsapp notification icon (example), the background doesnt change to the profile picture... I dont know if thats a bug in cm 11... Besides that, perfect! 5 stars.
Awesum app
Please don't change this app it's perfect the way it is. I noticed swiping away while pressing notification icon was a little fussy. Maybe add swipe down to dismiss and turn off? Great work.
HTC one m7 sence 6 amazing
Not bad.. At all.
Question though, will there be support for music player control such as poweramp,playerpro in the future?
Really like this, nice UI and looks. Only issue I've come across, is in full screen mode,  once the screen is touched, the status bar appears over the top and doesn't disappear again, which spoils the look a little for me, and also means I'm seeing the notification there anyway.  Definitely worth the fifth star and donation if this can be resolved though. SGS3 4.3
Very nice and cool app... Loved it
Amazing ls best ever...but has few bugs wen used along pa rom. Especially the notification doesnt show even when granted device administration rights. Please do fix. Would be five stars then.
really useful, great work
Like the title says. I've never had an app that was this difficult. Battery drainer too.
It's almost there
Not working on note 2 uninstalling
Really adds functionality in a stylish way.
I like the app been searching for something this good for a while.. In opinion its still a but young needs some tweaking still but its a very good start..persistent notification is a bit annoying when u enable lock screen and so on
I love the minimalistic interface with notifications. I use the lock screen option when plugged in to act as a night clock. I would love a brightness control within the app as well as a screen rotate option so I could set the phone on its side. Great work, dev! Highly recommended
Just need option to disable volume buttons. I use volume buttons to wake my device and it keeps turning down the volume each time I wake the phone. Doesn't do it with stock lock screen.
