What more could you ask for in a crossword app?
Like
Ok game
This app works, has a great sampling of puzzles, is very easy to use. Replaces the paper.
This is the BEST crossword app ever!  You can archive or download specific puzzles from ANY past date you choose! Plus, there are so many options to choose from. It's the greatest crossword app I've ever used! I've had it ever since I got my first Android a long long time ago & it's one of the first apps I install when getting a new phone! I love it!
Love the app, so nice to be able to get nyt crosswords on android. As the difficulty for nyt (and other crosswords) depends on the day of the week, it would be great if the date picker used a calendar or indicated day of week. Keep up the good work!
Navigating the puzzle was clunky at times. I'm not a fan of the general layout of the puzzle/keyboard. The settings are nice and give you the ability to customize.
It has real, vetted and edited crosswords from newspapers and magazines. The interface is easy to use and the ads aren't too intrusive.
Good selection of puzzles. No annoying ads. Zooming has issues. NYT Classic is always 11/25/1998. New keyboard strange but works.
*EDIT* I recently upgraded from a Galaxy S3 to an S6 Edge. I used to use this app on a daily basis on the S3, but it is now nearly unplayable on the S6. I am unable to choose squares for words within any given puzzle. It's as if the game just hangs. I hope there is a fix soon, as I really miss playing! This is/was a 5 star app when it is working.
Good puzzle but very annoying to move between words.
Have always enjoyed this app, but it crashes on Android 5.1. Kicks me back to the puzzle select screen when I type anything.
My only problem with the program is that it randomly zooms out, and I can't get it to zoom in.
Have played this game for years. Like many, I dislike the new version, but I learned to live with it. So, why the one-star? Because the game simply refuses to work on my new Note 4 running Lollipop. I can enter a word or two, but then when I try to select another word, the app refuses to respond. I tried installed version 3.3.15, but that had the same issue. This is really too bad - there are no alternative crossword apps out there. If the author is not going to maintain the app, he should then release to code to the public so that others can take over maintenance responsibilities.
On my Samsung Galaxy S5. I luv crosswords! Having trouble on my new phone getting it to show errors, so i can learn.
All the other crossword aid feel very dated, but this one is pretty current in terms of design. The menus need a little bit more work to make them more user friendly. It should be quick and simple to browse, download, and erase puzzles from different sources. The puzzles themselves are very attractive and eat to use.
While the new version is nice, I prefer the old version because it was a dark theme and the new one is white and bright which is a horrible battery drain and difficult to read because of the lack of contrast ... I also HATE the new keyboard! Give us the option of a dark mode and I'll up my rating.
The software keeps our stats somewhere internally so it can report to Google Play games. But there is no way for us to see them. Give us an interface that shows us our own stats, please. Also, at least give us some clue as to what the last 5 Google play games achievements are. Finally, if we are using show errors mode, find a way that mis-types don't count as hinted boxes.  And if we start a puzzle in show errors mode, how about giving us a warning box to switch it back to hide errors before starting.
Productive way to pass time and great app.
Gives me a nice interface for the Times and lots of other good sources . Why I only gave four stars before is a mystery. Fixed that.
Formatted phone, let it restore apps, setup Gmail and Photos and went for a 2 hour drive - accidentally leaving my data enabled. Checking my phone, Shortz, which I have yet to even open let alone play, had used nealy 1 MB of data in background. No thank you, as I watch what happens in BG and my carrier charges me for data usage. Uninstalled.
Fantastic crossword app
I love doing crosswords and this app is perfect.  You can choose which crosswords get downloaded daily and there's also a setting that will let you know when you've entered a wrong letter.
Several puzzles are now gone over the last couple of days.
Was going to rate it higher till it wouldn't download USA TODAY CROSSWORD any more. What gives?
Only complaint after half a week of use is if you have "Show Errors" on while you fix wrong letters it does not mark the puzzle as finished.
6/18/15: Have not been able download puzzles in the last few days. Working fine till now. Phone: LG 4G. Thanks
Hey I'm not able to download the USA Today and Universal Crossword puzzles. I'd appreciate it if you could help!
Amazing crossword app. I'm still surprised it's free as I would happily pay for it.
I'm hooked and never playing another crossword puzzle game ever again! LOL 
How do I get the Reveal feature to work?
This is the best crossword app, free or paid.
I have used it for quite some time, but the latest (Android, running on One Plus One) version has at last two bugs. When a crossword is partially or fully competed and you go back to the main page, the crossword is not often saved. For example, I just finished a crossword, and the main page showed 3% completion. The second problem is that the crossword is randomly resized to a smaller version and it's hard to work with it. Otherwise, it has been a workhorse for me and I've been a happy user.
I've used it for months. Don't know if this is the best place to report this bug. Recently had to back up all puzzles, about 6 months worth, then reset phone to factory reset and reload the app. Copied all cw files back and they appeared fine. Played about 12 of them, the did CLEANUP, and it wiped them all except the ones I'd downloaded after the reset.
Kudos to the dev, this is the best free crossword app that I've seen. Nice selection of free xwords with a range of difficulties. Highly recommended. Seems to have some trouble with grid selection since I upgraded to a galaxy s6.
Best on play by miles. Beautiful update. Thanks for your work.
I don't know what's going on, the app won't load anymore. Please fix this!!!
WTF? I have been using this app forever with relatively minor issues. Just download to my GS6. Got 3/4 through LA Times and hit the back key and it deleted everything. What's up with that. I'm not even going to try another puzzle til that really big problem is resolved.
good puzzles, nice system
Really like this App. Use it nightly. Like the # of options for puzzle choices and hints if get stuck. Puzzles not super easy but good enough to relax me on my way to sleep without stress or frustration.
Finally, classic crossword puzzles, and new ones everyday.
Never locked up on me even after spending hours on it. Can download past puzzles making it a non stop source of puzzles. Like how I have a next clue button. Handwriting feature could be nice. Liked it better when it was a dark screen tho, could have a "night mode" option.
I love this app so much I've kept it, but it hasn't worked right since I got my s6 in April 2015. What doesn't work is that I can't select a box by tapping, so I have to use arrows to move everywhere. Please fix. I've tried changing to other crossword apps, but I like this one the best.
Puzzles won't download anymore and any progress on previously downloaded puzzles is not saved.
Daily updates, solid interface, covers all the solver bases. None better.
Great crossword application, functionally the best I've found. Recent redesign of puzzle list has left many bugs where it's easy to delete puzzles accidentally, and sometimes wrong puzzles are deleted. Don't use swipe gestures in the list and all is OK.
Thks for free app. Some input: Puzzle could be much larger and keyboard smaller - not easy to see....
I miss the old interface which had a dark keyboard.   Feels to bright for bedtime use, even after dimming the screen.   Still, best crossword app available that I have tried.
On my ASUS Zenfone 2, with a 1080x1920 resolution display and Android 5.0 Lollipop, the app interface is cut off at the top right and I am unable to tap the three-dot menu button. Please address display scaling issue. Also I am running a DPI/PPI of 403(1:1 for a 1080p, 5.5" screen)
I like the app but it's way too easy to delete puzzles, it keeps thinking a tap is a swipe. I would recommend the swipe function bringing up a menu rather than deleting maybe? Cause it's annoying when you're far along and accidently delete
No refuses to work at all,  insists I don't have a connection. Reinstalled three times. I'm done with it.
Good ui. Lots of puzzles. Free.
I strongly recommend it. The new updates aren't too bad, either. I do have issues with two changes: I much prefer the previous keyboard layout to the current one, and I dislike that only puzzles for the current day are downloaded automatically. I don't always have time for the app every day, but whenever I can, I try to catch up on backlog. Having to go through and manually update any day I missed opening the app is frustrating. EDIT: expand the scroll bar to be useful again.
It's all you need in crossword puzzles terms.
There are only a few minor things keeping me from giving five stars: 1) Too easy to scroll when selecting a box (needs a "drag length" setting) 2) Pressing "back" dismisses the KB, so another is needed to exit. 3) Puzzle management is too complicated. 4) Needs option to download puzzles from every date since that of latest downloaded puzzle (or download once/day, even when app not opened).
This is a great app. The design is clean and intuitive. However, it is starting to fall behind. Washington Post no longer downloads. The Chronicle of Higher Education no longer downloads. There are about 76 unaddressed issue reports on the project's Google Code page, where I assume the latest and greatest source code resides. I don't think the author is out to make money, since there are no ads in the app, but I get the feeling he has abandoned the project. Which would be sad.
Love all the stuff I can get with my phone.
ALL
Overall, this is far and away the best crossword app I've found for Android. However, every time it updates it pulls "Fierce & Fabulous" from People Magazine, even though I finished it over a week ago. I emailed support and got no response. Also, there are occasional clues which will have a "refer to note above", but there's no way I can determine to find said note.
This app keeps me sane on flights. Thank you.
You can no longer choose 2 skip filled boxes in a clue which makes it very annoying.. re: no longer seeing incorrect boxes highlighted, u have to change it while a puzzle is open. The swipe to delete or archive action sucks..if you added a 3rd option of nothing it would be fine.  I just lost 1/2 a completed puzzle cuz the phone thought I wanted to delete it.  Change those back and I'll give it at least a 4. PS Signed: Not a Cave Woman lol
Unlike others, I actually like the new material design - kudos for keeping it consistent with Lollipop.  Also, good job fixing the delete issue. Small issues are the download date picker doesn't show the day of the week, and the keyboard doesn't allow number entries  (this has prevented completion of a couple of crosswords). Much larger issue is that square selection seems to be hypersensitive - the slightest sideways movement as you tap is interpreted as a pan rather than a select.  Using a Galaxy S6.
It could be amazing, but it has a few annoying quirks - the swipe to delete feature! What the heck! Half the time it opens the puzzle. Also, it's impossible to delete puzzles in the archives
it's a good program, but a touch which is very easy to do casually will DELETE a crossword, so u lose ALL UR PROGRESS on it. This is awful programming and it's honestly embarrassing to see. Clean this up and u will have a good game, c'mon
Use it daily!
I used this app constantly. For a couple months, I've been unable to download most puzzles, even from standard sources. For instance, I've been unable to get even a single puzzle from The Onion through this app.
Love it
I love it. It's the best crossword app there is. BUT!!! It keeps running, using memory, and when I force close, it won't work when I open it again. Had to reinstall.
Lost two stars because I previously had a Galaxy Fascinate which would not allow the latest updates on this app. Recently got a new S6 and got the app again because I really loved it an used it most every day. Some problems now. First, the highlight errors will not work. I see in settings where you can turn them on or off, but it doesn't work. The second is, and I am not sure if it is not working or had been deleted with the update, but before I could touch the clue or "Box" that I wanted to enter text into, now that feature seems to be missing. The combination of these two things make it much less enjoyable. Does anyone have a fix or is it possible to revert to older version?
med'to dif' very fun.
I had to transfer my data to another model and now when I unselect the hint option (or even if select it) I get no pink boxes. Galaxy S5 Sport. Please fix then I'll go back to five starring!
I tried a whole bunch of crossword apps and this is the only one I kept. Thanks dev.
Same issue happened a couple of years ago. Thought maybe it was fixed since you have app pics that show The Washington Post being back. Not the case.
Upside down or right side up, no matter which direction i hold my table, the letter S gets entered by some ghost. The wrong answers are hurting my experience.
All of it
Best 1 in Google Play store hands down.
No need to look for other crossword apps. This one will have you covered.
Half the time you can't get a row or column selected correctly.
Won't open; Receive "unfortunately Shortyz has stopped" error msg EVERY time i open the app!
I have used this app for many years and never had any problems. The latest update makes practically the entire screen white though and it's like staring at a flashlight. I usually play at night so it's especially bothersome.
Great for passing the time
I love the selection of crosswords on the app. However, I usually complete a few puzzles a day and my Achievements never records them. Kind of sucks I don't get the points...
Always downloads all puzzles even though I only select one.
This was my favorite crossword format, but since the latest update it closes out whenever I try to use the helps or do anything but type in letters. I've uninstalled and gone to a different app until they can figure it out.
(Update: 4/10/15:) Shortyz is malfunctioning. Uninstalled/reinstalled. Will not stop downloading puzzles over and over. FORCE STOP. WHAT'S GOING ON?////(Old review)This is my favorite crossword puzzle app on the market. Period. Having said that, my main gripe has been that my Android Note 2 only downloads puzzles from four sources. (My settings are correct; I should be getting every available puzzle.)  NO WASHINGTON POST ANYMORE! My favorite puzzle. /// Sent email
shortyz  I love it! Great FREE app
Keyboard no longer appears on gingerbread.  If you select the native keyboard the crossword occupies less than 1/3 of the screen!  Curse you automatic updates!  It was working fine before the update.
This is the best crossword app out there.
Is there any way to get rid if the completed puzzles  only on clean up.
Been using it over a year, I think, never any problem!
When you have finished 77% of a New York Times Sunday puzzle only to have the app crash and have to start over, you uninstall the app.
Its okay. You'll get thru the crossword but the app gets in your way. No skip to next clue. Clues view has no way of identifying which boxes are filled or not. You have to manually check each one.
Try to push a button and every other letter EXCEPT the one I'm hitting registers. Other times, I tap once and the button registers multiple times, and I mean upwards of five presses. Other times a letter pops up out of nowhere, i guess maybe when I'm trying to use the arrow or delete keys? Ended up annoyed and uninstalled the app.
Thanks
I play this all the time. I recently upgraded my phone to the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Now when I choose a square in which to enter a letter it does not respond. I have to double check tap to move to the square.
I've used it for a couple of years and love it. Galaxy S5
Unable to get the People Magazine Puzzle to install new puzzle. Always comes up as being red. Tried to uninstall then reinstall but still have the same issues.....Please fix this issue.
after 4 months of use it still takes well over 5 minutes to fill out an easy NYT Monday puzzle--when I was on the official NYT app on iOS, it took a little as 3:30. the reason? clunkiness across the board.
Haven't found another crosswords app this good.
This used to be my favorite crossword app. Now it's really laggy on my Note 4. To the point it's almost unusable.
Using Samsung tab s 8.4" and the grid is WAY too small in portrait or landscape view!!!!!!!
I have spent a ridiculous amount of time in the Play store trying to find a dark keyboard with arrows so that I can once again play this in bed without bothering my husband or going blind. I will miss doing the puzzles but I cannot use this program as it now stands. Pity.
Crashing issues seem to have been fixed.
Everything you could need for a crossword app. Turning off the red lettered hints hasn't seemed to work for me.
Every time I load it, I get a message that my SD card cannot be found. Nexus 7 second gen.
Awesome. Does lose the answers I put in sometimes, tho.
Love it use it everyday
This app was great initially, now no matter what position I attempt to use it in, landscape or portrait, the board zooms out, which makes it very frustrating. Additionally, I have made no changes to my settings and I am having to manually go in and download puzzles that were previously automatically downloaded. I am thinking seriously about deleting this, as it is more frustrating then fun anymore...
Great way to kill time.
I miss the old look.
Hint highlighting not working so no more fun for me.
Mistyped keys shows up as hinted.  Accidentally hitting a wrong key on a correctly completed section then re-correcting it shows it as a hinted box.  I am uninstalling this puzzle. It's to easy to hit the wrong key on a 1" by 2" touch keyboard.
Washington post crosswords stopped downloading, onion crosswords as well.
Great crossword app, but I miss Washington post!
Great basic program but offering only lousy puzzles. Too bad
To easy too accidentally delete puzzles that you are working on.
Best crossword app!
Love the app, but it doesn't seem to register input from my new phone (Galaxy Note 4) consistently. Also, I miss the Post puzzles.
Use this app all the time.  Seldom have issues.  Friday WSJ and Chronicle are my favorites.  I also wonder where WA Post puzzles have gone.
Was the best crossword app before the Washington post puzzle disappeared.
Love this app, but my favorite crossword, the Washington Post, disappeared in mid Feb.
A great app but a few weeks ago it stopped pulling down the WaPo puzzles. Something changed. Hope the next update will address this.
Works smoothly, has options for settings, a pleasure
No Washington post in a few weeks, nyt classic is the same puzzle each time I download. I still like the app and recommend it, just would like to know the story with the missing puzzles.
Addictive and well designed app.  Highly recommend for crossword lovers!
Enjoyable indeed! Thank you. Of course, no fault of the developer(s). We have been experiencing puzzles with many typos.
No longer receive Washington Post puzzles, as well as others.
Love this app but would like to see the DOW back for the downloads since I choose by day.   Thanks!
Have there been changes with the Washington Post puzzles? I've not been able to download any since 18 Feb. Otherwise, this app is the best free crosswords app out there.
Droid RAZR Maxx gets to 86% & stops
Love this app. It is the best crossword app I have had. I gave it 3 stars because I can't seem to get Premier Crosswords (updates Sunday) to download. I checked the settings,but that isn't the problem. Please fix.      LG G3
Should be able to type numbers.
This is my absolute favorite app, but I miss the Washington Post puzzles. Any chance we'll get them back? Otherwise, great job and thank you!
What happened??  Love 6he app but WP was my favorite as you don't get the NY TIMES
But I'm missing the Washington post puzzles too. :(
I love Shortyz, had it for years. On my current platform/phone, pressing the native menu key leads the program to crash. As such I can't change any settings, get hints, check errors when the board is full but still reads 99% complete, or really do anything other than fill in clues. It's a huge bummer. Please fix!
The puzzles are good ones, but I have three issues that keep it from being 5-star.  *Fix the sensitivity problem on the puzzle squares. *Make a back button for use after accidentally switching to clues list. *Save stats with finished puzzles. By the way, I LOVE this app. That's why I want to see it improved. It could be my favorite app of all time.
The best one I have found so far. I hate the fact that it records letters I mistype as "hinted"... I'm using a touch screen. If it wasn't for autocorrect no one would be able to read this. I'd give 5 stars if they removed the hinted thing.
I have been using this app since 2012 when I entered the smartphone world. Love it, but for the past week or so the Washington Post puzzle hasn't been downloading, which isn't the biggest deal because I have a subscription but when I get stuck I finish the puzzle on this app (because I can cheat). Please fix, other than that: great app.
I play this app everyday.  All he puzzles come straight from major newspapers. The interface is good, although it would be nice to have a split keyboard.
Great app
It's very bright even with the brightness turned all the way down on my phone. If I'm not in a very well lit room, I find myself having a hard time looking at the screen. I wish there was a color scheme option, or a day/night option.
Working again since I updated my OS, and looks even better.
Where's has Washington post gone? It was my favorite now it's gone, anyone else have this problem?
Oh noooo! No more Washington Post puzzles? Bummer!
Still beats all others. For some reason the boxes with wrong letters are not red anymore so if you finish a puzzle it will not complete unless you use the solve puzzle. Also I miss the directional arrows.
Great job updating your app - thought it was perfect before lol?! Luv the variety of puzzles and how customizable it is. Nothing negative here Shortyz ROCKS!
I'm on a Nexus 9 and this thing freezes my tablet about every third time I use it. None of the buttons work and it requires a reboot, only to come back and nothing has been saved in the puzzle. Hopefully the developer will see this because its a nicely designed app otherwise.
I love it and use it daily.
Now requires I share on Google+. No thanks. Uninstalling a formerly great pastime.
I would rate it higher, but I can't get it to sync with my NYT xword subscription.
Still my preferred Crossword app for ages. BUT  buggy lately. Won't download specific puzzles (always downloads ALL). Panning and zooming is weird. And I REALLY miss the next clue button!!! Put Enter/next clue back on the custom keyboard with arrows PLEASE. and the more recent keyboards have been harder to type on.
Overall I like the app, but it used to download the boston globe sunday puzzle and now it does not. Any idea how to turn it back on. I have a sbscription so it should work.
I keep deleting crosswords by mistake because it's so easy to swipe them off screen. Big step back for an otherwise great app.
Aggregates all the best Crossword sites and NYT integration makes it even better!
What's up with the same People magazine and New York Times Classic puzzles downloading all the time? This has been going on for months now. Just wondering
I have b
I hadn't played in several months and was pleasantly surprised at some of the upgrades. Great APP!
Good. I get a lot of enjoyment from it. A few niggling issues like the keyboard that I don't care for but danged good.
It said I could do my NY Times crossword but it doesn't give me an opportunity to do it nor any instructions. How can I use it for my Times subscription?
Game crashes on lg optimus when i tap the menu button, EVERYTIME. Otherwise five stars.
This would be a 5* app if the author would make some changes to the download option.  Instead of downloading for a certain day, make it so that you can download by source and date range.  My favorite puzzle was the People magazine puzzle.  The download feature no longer finds that particular puzzle on any days.  Getting tired of manually having to switch through everyday to find the puzzles.
It's a great app when it works. It freezes my new Nexus 9. Maybe it doesn't like Lollipop. Please fix it. No other crossword app compares.
One thing that doesn't come up often, but sometimes editors like to throw numbers into their puzzles. The app currently doesn't support numbers even with native keyboard. Is that possible?
I love puzzles, and this is the absolute best crossword app I've ever found. The puzzles are great and it's so easy to use. I've had it on my last 3 phones & I'm dl'ing again because I have to have it.
Best one out there. The zoom can be an issue sometimes.
App will crash the whole system randomly while completing a puzzle. After reboot of the device, all progress is lost. Don't have this issue on my nexus 4. Otherwise this app is absolutely great.
Nice that you can load up a few weeks worth while online then have them available when you're in airplane mode.
I just love this app
Or at least the old keyboard.  Otherwise, definitely the best crossword app I've used.
Very little contrast. Bad for old eyes.
My favorite game app--used daily on Samsung phone, and Samsung, Nexus and Nextbook tablets--until the last update. Hate it now. Unwieldy settings...most of which don't work most of the time. App won't register puzzles as completed; delete function doesn't work; sometimes it won't download day's puzzles. What a mess. Where can I download an old version of what was one of the Play Store's best app?
I was having a problem with the grid always gping back to miniature, but that stopped happening, so now Ingive this appmfive stars - puzzle solving made easy. Thanks!
Way too easy to "trash" a puzzle you're working on with an errant swipe. Also some puzzles include numbers in the answer grid, which you can't type in using current interface.
I really don't have any problems with the new look it's just that when I click on a puzzle the previous one I was working on will disappear. So far that's the only thing that is annoying me.
Worked great until update where puzzle download button was moved to the bottom right corner. Now it downloads all the puzzles even if I only select one e.g. USA today. Also when I delete puzzles it sometimes deletes the wrong one.
Keeps force closing once I press the options button on my phone
Love this app, but I'm having one issue: recently changed to an LG G3 phone and now I no longer get the pink highlighting when use an incorrect letter.  Doesn't matter what I the option to in the settings, either.
Love that they added Google games integration
Four stars only because some puzzles cannot be solved due to the fact that they require numbers (e.g. "3MARTINI"), which the app does not accept. Please add this functionality because this is absolutely the BEST crossword puzzle app out there and it deserves five stars! Great job!
Shift to material design theme has made it even better. The only area I can think of for functional improvement is a way to enter numbers in addition to the standard 26 character alphabet, since there was a recent puzzle that had the number '3' in 16 boxes
Crashes and deletes the puzzle progress halfway through.
Where is the archive? And the settings? I loved the app but the latest update ruined it. Plus the keypad is now very user unfriendly. Mini letters and invisible buttons. Too bad. Another great app was "improved" ...
Crosswords are a come and go obsession of mine and this app really works well
It downloads puzzles and plays perfectly. The features I use work. I didn't care for some of the defaults but you can change them, luckily. It would be nice to see the puzzle name above the clues, sometimes that helps in solving things. I'd like to change the background color in the puzzle list. Both are nearly white and difficult to read. Also, I've never seen a date sort work. My guess is that it sorts on the day you downloaded the puzzle and not the puzzle's release date. Hmm, possible update items?  Update: I touched a puzzle to open it and I saw the puzzle move to the right and off the screen. I was almost done with that puzzle, but could no longer it find it anywhere. So I began swiping the other puzzles and they too disappeared. I found a few in archive and swiped them again and poof, gone. What happened to them? I don't know, but now I'm mad and removed this program.
I love that I get to use my phone's keyboard on the app! That makes playing perfect! Please allow for a dark theme in the puzzle page so it isn't blinding to look for a puzzle. (white is just ugly anyway). Thanks for having the best crossword app there is!!!
Seriously, the main reason I was using this app was because of the black background.   Not cool, man.  Give us an option to at least invert the scheme.  Also give an option to disable swipe.  I've deleted dozens of puzzles on accident.  It is way too touchy.
I especially like being able to download old puzzles. However downloading them 1 at a time is tedious, it would be cool if the developer added the ability to download a range... like all LA times from 1/1/2009 thru 1/1/2014.   One more thing I don't like is that the keyboard doesn't let you type in numbers which are seeming to show up in puzzles these days
I'd rather everything saved within the app, than the app downloading external .puz files to my phone. I did not expect this, but then again did not read the READ MORE... Very difficult to accurately tap on my 5in phone.
Love the app two problems, since the updates I miss the dark background and I can't figure out how to unarchive puzzles?
I get random system freezes sometimes in the middle of a crossword. Not too life shattering, but when I get the system back up I've lost all progress.
Works well.  Nice interface.
Like the new look and feel.  Downgraded due to problems when puzzles include numbers in the puzzle.  As did the la times on 1/11/15 mp3, omega3 ... please fix so native keyboard can enter digits
This is the best crossword app however my reveal button in the help menu doesn't work as well as the show hint. I can't figure out any reason for this and want to know after I've completed a puzzle if I actually got the answers correct. Please fix for 5 stars!
Love doing crosswords, I use this app everyday.
I've  played a few games but can't  tell if I actually got them all right. The reveal button is grayed out. I even deliberately made a couple of answers wrong to see if I could use the reveal button but I still couldn't  use it. There could at least be something to indicate that you got them all right/wrong but nope...nothing. And the help button was is no help.
Only way to improve it would be ability to sync between my devices.
New crosswords every day! I wish they would make their app available for the Windows store as my new tablet is not Android.
One of the best puzzles available
Great app.
Clean, smooth interface, simple yet customizable. Many free daily puzzles, plus options to archive and to download more from previous days. Also, it's free! Only way it could be better would be an option for dark background with light text, just to save on battery :)
Overall loved the app before update. I have to tap things multiple times now and playing for time is impossible. I have Samsung Galaxy.
This crossword puzzle app DOES work with my KitKat OS, while 123CW failed to display an onscreen keyboard or work with my bluetooth Zagg Keyboard.  Good landscape display on my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 also.  The layout is just fine, and not hard on my eyes.  Also, it pulls the Washington Post puzzles and others for free, while 123CW makes them premium content.  Best app.  Hope this helps.
Had to delete and reinstall Jan 1 st, 2015 because puzzle downloads stopped. The new install works fine except I can't get the red hint to appear no matter how I change the settings. Please advise.
I use this app several times every day and have for the last few years. I even donated. The developer use to respond to comments but now he doesn't. I don't know what is up with that. Everybody is complaining about the new keyboard and the new color scheme being too bright. That is not hard to fix. I never even thought of using other crosswords, but this keyboard issue is so bad that I'm starting to look at other crossword apps.
Have had this app for a while now and have not had problems with it.
When you changed the keyboard to white, you ruined the game for me. I can't see the board at all well so it is hard work to fill the puzzle. It became not worth the effort. What a shame.
Kudos to the dev for the updated UI and added achievements. I really like being able to select which crosswords I receive, and when to get rid of them.
I'm not sure why the author fixed something that wasn't broken. Default keyboard is annoyingly bright and difficult to navigate. Switching the keyboard is glitchy. Like other reviewers have stated, it's far too easy to accidentally delete puzzles.  The old design simply worked.
I have used this app for several years and it continues to be my favorite crossword source.
access the current days puzzles??? It used to download and save all puzzles indefinitely!
Have used this app for over a year now. every once in awhile there has been a slight "bump in the road" with an update bringing a small glitch. never had it made the app unusable or even made me enjoy it much less.. but a new update is usually quick behind to set things back to great!
I had this app on my old phone and searched for it bc it was the best one of the bunch. I really dig this game
This redesign is absolutely awful. Why would you think that a borderless keyboard was a good idea, considering crossword puzzles require accurate typing? How can you consistently make this app worse with every update? Two years ago this app was amazing, and right now it's barely usable
newest version crashes any time i try to adjust settings (lg spectrum 2, android 4.1.2); plz fix this & i'll rate 5 stars! otherwise it's the best crossword app out there.
Wish the print was a little larger so I can see it better.
Been a most-used app for me for years; overall love the update with two reservations: it is to easy to swipe away puzzles when trying to open them/open them when trying to swipe them away, and I desperately want a dark keyboard option.
I have used this amazingly addictive app for many years, on many phones, and love it immensely. However, since getting my new phone (LG G2) the hint highlighting has not worked, which is quite irksome, as that feature has always made it so much easier (than standard handwritten crosswords) for me to learn new things. I feel like the highlighting has made me an overall better crossword player (even though it is cheating-but, hey, I'm learning). Thank you for this app and all the work continually put into it.
[12/27] Thank you for updating(reverting) the look of the puzzle board. Will rate back to 5 stars after the keyboard is updated.
Go back to the old format, please! ! It seems that the keyboard is too touchy. Using stylus or fingers the letters hesitate and then sometimes duplicate the letter and cause incorrect words. Also the puzzles don't correctly fit the screen and it tends to jiggle when I'm entering words. Using samsung G5
I use this app to do at least one puzzle per day. It's extremely entertaining, well-designed, and best of all, free!
Fantastic, lightweight crossword app that has great sources to choose from when downloading new puzzles and an active developer who does a wonderful job.
Love the app.  But when my nexus 7 was upgraded to Lollipop, it stopped working.
Tried uninstall and reinstall, and app remains a blank white screen. Please fix! Noticed this problem 12/23/14.
Since last update everytime I go into the settings menu the application force closes whatever you did fix it please
Can you option to inverted color? (black instead of white) going to have to uninstall. Sorry.
This is absolutely the best crossword app available on any platform.
...for a crossword fan. 'nuff said.
I love this app. It's simle and functional. I like the new interface. I would like it better if there was a dark version. (Black is easier on the eyes and uses less battery).
This new look overhaul is horrible.  All white keyboard and background makes this app start to drain battery very quickly.  Not to mention the assault on the eyes (for a moment I thought this was a flashlight app).  Without the option to change the color theme to something like blue or black, this app has become unplayable.  Will soon delete, which is a shame because I used to run this app multiple times a day.
Unlike the thieving dirtbags over at Magmic, this app works smoothly and doesn't steal your money. Best way to do NY Times crossword.
A virtually endless source of crosswords with a good interface, all for free!
Well done. The best crossword app. But please fix the keyboard! The new one is bad.
Love the app, hate the new keyboard. It's more difficult to type and the screen is way too bright at night, even with my brightness at the lowest setting. Would be great without the bright white keyboard and floating letters.
It's irritating when tapping on an almost completed puzzle to open it, just to see it slide off the screen.
The combination of your upgrades and my switch to a new tablet has been a step backward. In addition to the legibility and keyboard problems others discuss, I am having real trouble tapping on an individual square and then going there - it can take 5 or 6 taps before anything happens. Did I  miss a setting?
I love this app. I even like the update to material design and the new white keyboard.  More importantly if you love crossword puzzles this is the app for you. The interface is simple and not intrusive letting you get into the puzzles quickly and easily. Almost every aspect of the game can be changed. The developer is attentive and communicative.   I move between different platforms regularly and I would pay good money for this app to be ported to ios. It's honestly the only app I miss when using my ipad.
Great app, however the latest update has gotten a visual makeover that is bad. The keyboard is gone leaving floating letters and the light grey progress word under the clues is almost unreadable. Don't update if you have it installed.
Well, the new update has cured my Shortyz crossword addiction. I LOVED this app but they have sacrificed everything to some designer's aesthetic. The download system (if you want older puzzles) is a sporadic mess; you can't even see the day of the week on the calendar. The keyboard choices aren't as good. And the puzzle list used to be nice and compact...now you see far fewer choices on screen.  My older review, which gave it 5 stars said: This is the best free xword app I've tried. Many new puzzles daily...and from great sources like the la times.
How does one move forward with the "secret achievement process"? I've been stuck at a 7 rating and have no idea how improve my rating.
I had to give up on this. With the new format I couldn't figure out how to get errors to display.
I like the new look. Change is refreshing. Always appreciated that the developer doesn't ignore this app. Hoping for a dark theme. Downgrading my rating because the word direction randomly changes which is incredibly annoying.
Always terrific, but latest interface icing on cake.
It was great until after the "overhaul" update, now it keeps deleting puzzles when click on them. WTH
I understand sleeker design and such. but I'd really love if the key board brought back the lines around the letter, like when it used my phone's keyboard design. Also, maybe not a white. I find that I get lost between puzzle and keyboard. Just a n it picky thing.
This was the best crossword puzzle app ever. Then a major overhaul update came. I'm not crazy about the look of it now, but I don't care about that. It constantly crashes now. Sometimes for no reason at all, but every single time I hit the menu button on my phone to access settings or a much needed hint, it crashes. When it crashes, I lose all current data. Sorry, man, you fixed what wasn't broken.
Great crossword app
I keep tapping on a crossword to select it and begin but the swipe-to-delete is too touchy and sometimes i end up deleting a crossword that i am either about to begin or continue. Very very annnoying. Sometimes, if it aint broke, dont fix it!!!!!!!!!!!!
After the update I can't delete puzzles... Fixable? I think the older program had a more efficient use of space. Update seems to waste more space. I'm using an LG g3 phone. FOLLOW UP: Major problems all fixed! I use this every day! Love it! And a very responsive app maker!
Wonderful app
The creator frequently updates the app with new ideas and listens to his users.
The problems that vexed me most have been fixed. I am even getting used to the new keyboard. New problem: some puzzles disappear from the list after I select the next in line. Today, it was the Newsday and USA Today puzzles. Also, an old problem: NYT Classic puzzle dated 11/25/1998 keeps being put on the list. Not each day but from time to time.
Solid app for crossword puzzles. Switching from clue to clue can be a bit wonky, but I don't know of a better way.
I use this app daily. It is constantly changing to keep up with all the new devices that keep coming out.  I know without a doubt that any bugs that are properly reported will be resolved in a matter of days. I trust this app will be around for years.
I prefer the older version style, but w/e. My main issues are with actual problems: force close when I try to open a context menu, and puzzles don't always save filled clues from the previous time I worked on them. Running ICS on LG Optimus G.
Great UI overhaul. Excellent puzzle selection. Great support. One problem: there doesn't seem to be a way to advance the clues with the keyboard. Also, the back arrow on the Clues view doesn't work.
Except that it crashes on LG optimus f7 android 4.1.2 when i try to go to settings. Works fine on my lg volt android 4.4.2.
I've been a fan of your app for a while now but I gotta say, I don't like the new changes. It has nothing to do with the new look. This version just doesn't work as well. If I touch my puzzle list wrong I delete the puzzle completely and have to redownload and restart it. Every time I open the app I have an old People magazine puzzle(that I remember from months ago) that pops up at the top of my list, and no matter how many times I delete it, it's back the next time I open it. Too many bugs.
Love this app; all is good with the latest update on my Nexus 4 phone with Lollipop. But, please show puzzle themes in a more visible tone. There is insufficient contrast between the light gray color of the themes and the background so they are quite difficult to read unless I turn up the brightness way up. There is no such problem with any of the other texts in the app.
It has a great selection of puzzles and I like how it updates daily. However, you can't see the entire puzzle at once and instead have the keyboard taking up half the screen. It should work more like words with friends, where you can zoom in on a section of the board or view the entire board at once. The keyboard should hide while you view the whole puzzle, and then pop up when you want to type.
This app is by far my favorite puzzle app. Issues seem to be resolved!
Thanks for your latest update (Nov. 2014). This app has many great features, and we appreciate your continous improvements. One bug from this last update was fixed as I was writing this - fast work! Now, if you can just make the in-app keyboard better, I will happily give you 5 stars. I have small hands and fingers, but still miss the correct letter as often as I hit it. Since I really like the app feature which keeps track of errors (which I rarely make), typing errors are frustrating as well as time-consuming. Looking forward to this fix. Thanks again!
Love this game, very challenging. Of any previous  crosswords games I have had, I always come back to this one.
Update made the clue area *so* big, yet the clue font size is soooo small. Why?? Also, lack of any  transition from awful blue clue area to white puzzle is visually unsettling and headache inducing. Galaxy S4.
Awesome!
Very nice app. Continues to improve.
I still love the app, but the new white keyboard is harder for me to work with. Would prefer a return to the previous keyboard. Thanks for all the time you put into this app. It is much appreciated.
I love this app.  Q: for the mobile phone (I have android) would you consider following the phone's settings for keyboard sounds and the haptic feedback please.    Regards, Allen
This update was the worst thing ever. I can't download the new puzzles, I hate the colors because they make it hard to figure out where things are. Rollback please. Now that I have the older version back, much happier!
What's the issue with the People Magazine puzzle?
This Robert Cooper guy is great. The transition to material design was mildly bumpy but he kept us updated as he fixed things and now imho the app is perfect. Love love love it.
I'm not sure what they were thinking with this last major update but the keyboard is horrible. Its now just a big field of gray with no delineation between control areas or keys.
The app works great on my Galaxy S5 Sport but on my Galaxy Tab S the screen response is a bit laggy and it doesn't zoom to fit screen in tablet landscape mode.
Best crossword puzzle app bar none. Developer is very quick to push updates to fix crashes if they are reported.
Terrific app. Easy to lose hours at a time with this.
I was really enjoying this app, but after the last update it crashes whenever I try to exit from a puzzle and return to the page with the puzzle list. All progress on the puzzle is lost in the crash. I also dislike the new white keyboard. If the crashes are not fixed I will have to uninstall. UPDATE: The crashes seem to be fixed, so I'm giving it 4 stars. Will be 5 when there is an option for a dark keyboard. This is a really nice app.
Love this app
Great app. Lots of options.  Looks great with the new material design overhaul.
I loved when it was dark.  I have horrible eyes and the white gives me migraines.  Fix please?
Well done!
Wish you could add clear crossword to redo the puzzle....
First off let me say that the dev is among the best. Communicates well, works fast and tries his best to please. And that's for a free app. The companies making money should learn from him. As to the app itself, it's the best crossword app. I tried every one I could find. Shortyz beats them all. Abd that was the old version. The update just improved it across the board. Kudos
I love the app,  great for doing crosswords. Currently It is coming up with a column highlighted and I can't switch to a row.
No major gripes with the 4.0.x update, unlike some people seem to have. I like the new look, but would prefer a dark keyboard.
Great app. Better dev.
Was working great then after an update it stopped working. Tried reloading and nothing. It's a shame. It was a great crossword app.
Love this app. Lots of puzzles at different levels.
Thanks for working so hard to update, but mine is now broken, with the latest version.
Crossword puzzles. I do like this app. It is the best of those I have seen. I confess that I feel guilty that it's FREE. Is there a way to donate once in a while? Kind of like a self-imposed fee? I would give this guy at least a dollar now and then! He works very hard on this app!
Since the last update, game keeps stopping and erases all the puzzle that I have done. I use to love it, had it at 4 stars. Now I hate it, wouldnt even give it 1 star if I could. This isnt funny at all. Uninstalling now.
Loving the new update! It feels just right to me. Nice work!
Hands down the best crossword app for Android ... and I've tried many. Even my paid sub to NY Times works perfectly. Bravo!
I have used this app for years and absolutely love it.  I really like that my post was responded to immediately and I'm able to use the app. The app still crashes, and I can't access the settings or contact the designer.
One question: Why does the Fast & Furious puzzle from People Magazine appear everytime I do a download? I have a Galaxy Tab 4 running Kit-Kat. Thanks
I love this app and the new layout is wonderful but it keeps crashing and progress isn't saved was working yesterday but updated again now it keeps crashing.
I love this app. Since the new look update, I've had a new issue. I tend to tap on a square and then immediately tap it again to change from across to down or vice versa. I basically double tap a lot while moving around. Since the update, about half the time, when I perform this double tap, it's like I triple tapped. Eg, it highlights the row, switches to the column (where it should stop), but after a brief pause, it switches to the row again. Irritating, but not debilitating. Thanks for your hard work!
Needs dark theme which used to be standard. New keyboard can go ahead and revert. When attempting to download one puzzle, it downloads all. Puzzle doesn't fit to screen right like it used to, it used to fit above the keyboard so you could see the whole puzzle, now keyboard covers bottom few rows. Wsj rarely downloads.
Great Dev.  Great app. It's been one of my favorite apps for a long time now.
Does exactly what I want.  Author is very responsive.  Best of all it's free.  What more can you ask for?
Best crossword app!
Developer works surprisingly hard to keep this FREE app up to date. By far the best crossword puzzle app I've found. I've had some problems with it, but honestly the dev is dropping updates all the time. So a good app, great dev, easy to recommend.
I think it looks great.
Love the app. Would give it 5 stars except this newest update keeps crashing. Please fix. This is the best crossword app around.
No other crossword app even comes close!  Recent update is outstanding.
I play every day
Has most major crosswords. Good interface. I do several puzzles each day on my tablet. I really like the Material Design update! One complaint about the new update is that swipe to delete is way too sensitive. (Update) Thanks for allowing me to disable swipe.
Great app, easy to use, perfect for my xword fix. If I run out of puzzles I just load a random date from years ago... Good archive. The new design is pretty OK, I'll get used to it. But it's too bright! I'd like a night mode, please! I know the app's a work in progress right now....
Too much white, too many crashes. Can't get to settings to be able to show errors, etc. Crashes every time I try. Want the old version back.
Love it. And the bugs that came with the major update, seem to be fixed on my device since the last one. Thanks for making my down time more enjoyable.
Well, it was amazing. The author needs to roll back two versions and write some tests. Newsday puzzles are crashing the program, and the progress/completion indicator in the main UI fails to update w/o some action. It also slides puzzles off (deletes) without warning. Very bad set of updates.
I love the new look and feel.  I was getting bored with the old one.  The change is refreshing!
I loved this app last week. I never experienced crashes and everything downloaded fast and the list of crosswords was perfect and beautiful. The keyboard was beautiful. Now everything is white :( White hurts my eyes even on the dimmest screen setting. The keyboard has no lines to sperate letters, which makes it easier to press the wrong key. The text everywhere is so much harder to read now. I miss the blackness and the buttons.
Crash crash crash. Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Can't even scroll though the list. Crash. It was great before but it's nothing now.
Works well and is free. I just wish there was a dark mode since all of the white is blinding
... I have been experiencing an issue. Upon opening a puzzle, the app closes. I am; however, able to reopen the app and then open the crossword. There has only been one that closed the app every time I tried to open it. I also like the new format. Galaxy S4.
The app needed to be updated to match the new style guides, and I, for one, think it looks much better now! Of course there are a few glitches here or there but the developer is responding quickly. I think sheer volume of negative responses demonstrates how many people rely on this app every day, and let's remember it's free without any ads or anything. Let's all be a little more patient when we notice a small issue. I can guarantee the dev won't leave us with a broken app for long (and in my experience it's far from broken)  Further, if you're having an issue with a specific puzzle, I can virtually guarantee it's because that source has changed something.  When that happens this app's dev has always been very quick to respond whenever possible (it's not always within his power).
Still awesome after all these years.
Light theme is way too bright for prolonged play. Very hard on the eyes. Definitely too bright for night play. Keyboard is so weird and big. I'm not able to scroll the grid up when it's on the screen at the same time. I'm forced to play it on my phone in portrait. With the cumbersome position of my hands I drop my phone several times a game. What I really wanna do is drop this update. Isn't it possible to make a light and dark version to download SEPARATELY?
Love the new update,  for those complaining about the keyboard,  use your native one. The App feels more modern and developed,  a nice change from the old mid 2000s look.
I love the app itself, a great electronic version of crosswords....especially the NYT, which I subscribe to. But I hate the new keyboard, it's tiring and too hard to see. In fairness (I guess), I've hated the design of all the new Materials Design layouts, so maybe this Google's problem?
Change for change sake is not a good reason to mess up a good thing. This app is terrible now, the keyboard is too bright, and the app keeps "stopping unexpectedly". This used to be my favorite app, but now it's almost unusable.
The new keyboard has cut way down on typos and I love the new look.  Thanks for the great app!
was a good app. will now remove it as being unplayable with new interface.
Not liking the new update. Also keeps crashing :(
I actually like the new look BUT the slide left/right to delete is too sensitive, I keep deleting puzzles when I try to open them. As well, the NYT classic has been loading the same puzzle for weeks (not sure why), and random crashes happen. I submit the crash reports for those  though.  Overall a fantastic app, and even with these small things, I'd still recommend anyone to try it out
Shortyz has always been the best crossword app available. Simple, clean, mostly Just Works. But the UI has always been the weak point. Kinda slow, out of date, and not really fitting with the rest of android. Now it is gorgeous! Thanks so much for updating the UI and bringing Shortyz into the modern era! I look forward to using this for a long time.
Love the app.  Any chance you can add statistics?  I'd like to know how many puzzles I've completed, average time, etc.
App was great until the white theme seared my eyeballs out.
I don't mind the new look, but can we turn off the setting to swipe to delete? I keep accidentally deleting my puzzles.
Crashed three times in the first five minutes since the update. This program has never crashed on me before that I can recall. Sadness
Download a month of puzzles and will stop as I load a puzzle for no reason
Great app. No ads, which is awesome.
Likd it better before overhaul.  Now I can't open old puzzles. It says "unfortunately Shorts has stopped.  Also, can't delete finished puzzles anymore.Why fix somehing that didn't need fixing?
Keeps stopping. Very frustrating.
This is, by far,the perfect crossword app. In fact, Shortyz is honestly the sole reason I don't have an iPhone.
Still love this app!
Being able to change keyboard color would be nice. I prefer the "skin" of the previous version.
App closes right after opening. Cannot use. Please fix.
I'm still on the fence with the new look but I'm not having the crashes and stability issues others have mentioned. I'm still annoyed that on tablets zoom still maxes out at a puzzle size that is MUCH smaller than the usable area. My rating went from 5 stars to 2 back in Jan 2013 when this issue first became an issue. Almost 2 years later my tablets keep getting bigger which makes my puzzles seem smaller and smaller.
New update causes cashes after deleting old puzzles, also the percentage complete doesn't update when returning to the main menu but i like the new look and everything else
Love! Love! Love the overhaul!!
You restored the weekday on the download box, added lines to delineate the keys on the keyboard, and fixed the force close that happens after any *second* action on the front screen. At the end of the day, I can still do the crosswords despite the upgrade (and I'll get used to the change eventually!)
This app continues to be, by far, the best crossword app I have seen.  I like the latest update, as far as I can tell it is an overhaul of the interface but is functionally the same as the old version.
Works smoothly, great look, lots of customization options.
Latest updates make it even better.
Do not like the new look!! Way too bright and contrasty keyboard hard to read and letters flicker when pushing directional buttons. Bring back the original!!!
I love this app!  Thanks for such a great job! The new keyboard is great. It's clean and bright. Excellent! Samsung Galaxy Mega
Keep up the excellent work
Could use a little more contrast (clues are hard to read) and a dark theme, but overall v4 gets a thumbs-up. Suggestion: puzzle size-based achievements.
Solid app, love the redesign.
Latest update has left me in the cold. I can't open the puzzles, anymore. I'll have to uninstall. Not happy.
The same good crosswords with a better 'feel'.
Dev does a fantastic job with updates and readily incorporates new features to keep up with Google's standards. High quality app that deserves crossword lovers' attention.
Great UI update. Great app. Easy to use, challenging to play. Really impressive for a hobby app.
New look needs a "dark/night" option.
I loved this app until the update. I hate the new layout. I can't even open the app without it crashing. I'm disappointed that I have to uninstall and find a new crossword app.
Looks like most my original complaints are fixed... But now it just force quits!
Particularly like ability to increase clue size.
The app keeps crashing and closing without warning.  This is very frustrating.  Miss the black keyboards and the arrows that used to be on the keyboard. I don't mind it being white, but it would be nice to have the old format back.  Please fix!
I loved this app until the latest update but now I am uninstalling it because it has become terrible
Also nice work on the new look (though I'd be happy to get a dark themed keyboard)
I love the new look!
This would have been a five star rating until the new update. I HATE the new look, why did everything have to be white? It is painful for those of us who are light sensitive. Nothing is as intuitive or clean as it used to be and to top it all off it crashes all the time so I can't even use it. Super unhappy with all the changes.
Great app, no issues, countless hours of entertainment.  UPDATE 11/2014: This app still rocks. Great effort on the dev's part to keep it current and fresh.
Absolutely loved this app but now the keyboard is so bright. I preferred the darker keyboard. Other than that I really enjoy the app
I've been using Shortyz for years, and it's never looked better! I'm totally impressed with the thoroughness of the redesignit's just plain excellent work.
A really well thought out app. I'm hooked.                                                          I'm fine  with the new look but can't delete after thus latest update.
When scrolling through the list of crosswords, if I accidentally side-swipe, it just sends the puzzle away and poof, its gone. What?        Edit: I just figured out that side swiping actually deletes your puzzles. Probably the worst feature I've seen in an app ever. Down to 1 star
Loving u again :)
Update: Nov 24- Cant DL new puzzles since update. Nov 22: Still a great xword app. Ive had this app on my phones for 5yrs. When I got a new phone, it would be 1 of 10-15 apps I auto DL. But...... I really dont dont dont  like this new update. Wish I didnt update. Wish there was a way to un-update. Otherwise 5 s.
+ The new look is great, really shows off material design.  If you don't like the way this looks then you probably won't like android 5.
Awesome app, have been using it for many months now.
Loved this app for a long time. The only problem I'm having with the new update is that when I fill in a word in one direction,  say across, when I try to double click another box to change to down, it will wait a second then switch back to across for some reason. Very frustrating and is causing unnecessary errors in my puzzles.
Still a good app, select native keyboard in settings to use preupdate style keyboard. Took several uses before the green download button worked but seems OK now.
Really missing being able to download previous days puzzles. UPDATE looks like it was a glitch on first launch.
Updated version. The green spot turns out to be the download button but it didn't do anything at all the first 3 times today. I don't like the "white everything" interface even if it does fit Google's policy. And what does "kebernet" mean, Robert? I sent Google off to look for it and found you.
Play it every day.
I like the UI update. It's not perfect, but it's a big improvement. This app is still the best, easiest way to do crosswords on android, and I use it almost every day.
Have loved this app for years. Was a little concerned about the new design based on some of the reviews but once I tried it I like it much better than the old design. Clean, bright, intuitive and I love the percentage done gauge on unfinished puzzles. Easily 5 stars.
The background is way too bright! Especially for us night players. If this is how it's gonna be can you at least give us the option to change it back.
Hate this  new update! Clue boxes are too light to see and no outline around the letters on keyboard.  Please change it back
Liked it fine before update to 4.0. As others have said, hate the new keyboards. Way too bright, don't like the empty style. Main selection screen also too bright and font overly large. Please go back.
Where is the long press, delete archive functionality?  Also, still cannot download a lot of the weely puzzles. In fact, Jonesin is the only one that downloads. Tried emailing the programmer, but no response. Will change back to 5 stars if i get a response and app is fixed.
Droid Maxx.  Please Bring back individual delete (by swipe).  Native keyboard is still black--don't change it.  Opening list of puzzles could be more condensed.  I too like the darker theme as I do puzzles in bed at night.  Otherwise it's the same wonderful kebernet pet app.
I have had and loved this app for years. This update causes app to crash and not launch on s3 mini running jellybean. If it gets fixed I will up my rating. If not I will be forced to uninstall. So sad.
I do not like the new layout at all. Is it possible to have an option for a 'night' version that puts the look back closer to what it was? I tend to use this app in bed with the light out and all that white is unpleasant. I want to go back to giving this app 5 stars because I love the puzzles.
The new keyboard layout is outright bland! White and no borders between yhe keys. Please fix this :)
Great overhaul. Delete doesn't seem to work on Note II
They ruined my favorite app!
Great crossword app!
Hate the keyboard in the update!  In addition to needing key outlines, it is just too white!  It makes it really difficult to look at the screen for long periods.   Yeah, I understand the whole "fit the OS motif" thing but I don't understand why everyone feels the need to make androids look like iPads.  If I wanted an Apple, I'd have bought an Apple.    Anyone know how to back-out an update?
Basically doesn't do two of the most basic things a xword puzzle app should be able to do.
I just wish I could sync between devices
Update broke it. Doesn't respond to screen tap on Note4.
Won't like it until I can delete the puzzles. Nothing works right. Looks like I need a new crossword app.
The new all-white theme is a little rough on the eyes, would like a dark theme.
very nice app
How awful! Key layout is too nebulous (no outline around words) and background is TOO bright. I've had this app for years - and today it's  being uninstalled. The screen shots in the play store are old, so don't trust them.
Also zoom is borked.
Really well done crossword app!!
The overhaul was much needed. The app now looks as good as it works. One thing I'd suggest is changing the shade for the keyboard pop up. As it is, the pop up blends in too much with the keyboard.
Zoom is still not working properly in portait mode on Samsung Galaxy Tab S ...       Also, any way you can give us the choice of a dark background instead of the new white one?  Thanks!
Great update
I'm starting to like crossword puzzles thanks to this app.  Great job!
Great app. Would love to see the daily commuter puzzle added
Like another reviewer having the same issue of cursor not responding when I tap a box.  Uninstalled and reinstalled did not fix.  Used to love this app hate to dump it for a different one.
Needs numerals; the recent LA Times, "Ode to Homer Simpson", on 11/16/14 required a "2" to complete.
Love it
Hands down the best crossword app on any OS but new lollipop upgrade made native keyboard unusable.
Just having problems with getting the larger-format puzzles to download - I've had the Onion AV Club puzzle "downloading" for 3 hours now.
Would rate a 5, but I don't have a menu option, nothing to help with this game.  No fun if can't tell if done with puzzle or not.
I have used and loved this app for years, but recently upgraded my phone and it doesn't seem to work properly now. When I tap on a box to enter the solution, the "cursor" doesn't jump there like it should. Sometimes repeated tapping works, sometimes it just doesn't work at all. Please look into this!
Great functionality. Zoom is a little funky.
I really like this app, and I use it all the time. My one complaint is that the NYT Classic puzzles are always the same. I get two. Over and over again. Otherwise, great app.
Great for NYTimes puzzles - love it!
I love this app and the puzzles, but recently I've come across one that had a number in two of the answers. My android has only a letter keyboard in-app, so I can't finish the puzzle! Fix this problem and my rating goes back up to 5 stars.
This app works well, has a very flexible interface, and it is very actively maintained. What more could one ask. -- update 3.3.14 problems promptly fixed, thanks.
Promptly fixed the issue where app didn't show up in app menu. Will give 5 stars when I can make the clue text bigger. Droid turbo
There is a lot to learn from crossword puzzles THANKS A LOT
Absolutely fantastic
Have always loved this app but couldn't download my favorite L.A. Times Sunday crossword puzzle today. Uninstalled and reinstalled but still couldn't download. Please fix this! I so look forward to my Sunday times crossword! Please & Thank you! Samsung galaxy
There are tons of puzzles updated daily, the ui is intuitive and easy to navigate and they continue to support older android platforms. Can't recommend the game enough!
Hands down the best app, I use it every day, wouldn't wanna be without it. Highly recommend if you enjoy crosswords.
Great way to kill time. But People Magazine's puzzles keep downloading the same "Fierce and Fabulous" puzzle...every puzzle. Please fix.
App now works like a charm. Thanks for the prompt update!
Worked great till a week ago. Now the letter S on the keyboard doesn't work for any puzzles. Have had to quit using.
Love it again since crash fixed.
This is one of my favorite apps. Thanks for getting it working again!!
Longtime user. Great to see an app so well focused on doing one thing well. About the only one I use every day. Using ascii puzzle format ices the cake. Well done!
Excellent!
Been using it for years. Best crossword app I've found thus far.
Love this app!
Excellent puzzle app!!
Why does the app download the same crossword from People over and over and over.  I never get a new puzzle even though I delete it every time I get it. Otherwise I love this app.
Only thing I can't figure out is how to enter multiple letters into a single square as is sometimes required for NYT puzzles.
I can't even use this app.  It won't open and tells me it has to be force closed.  It was good when it worked.
Latest upgrade crashes when opening a puzzle. Galaxy S2
Great crossword app. Would love a replacement for the old "jump to next hint" shortcut button (used to be the capacitive search button).
Easy to read. Easy to navigate. However, it's been down for over 6 hours :-( first time it's crashed for me in the last 2 years.
Great app but last update crashes
When are you going to fix 3.1.14? It crashes for many long-time fans. Please hurry!
My favorite crossword app no longer downloads puzzles since updated a few days ago. Please fix it because, when working, this app merits 5 stars.
I have noticed lately that certain puzzle will not update. Particularly the people magazine crossword. It repeatedly uploads the puzzle titled "Fierce and Fabulous". Love it except for this small problem.
Since update, still can't open to play! Plz fix!! Uninstalling!!!!
Sorry I upgraded, my favorite app crashes when I open a puzzle. Please fix it!
Simple to use, hours of fun
I love this app, but I cant open puzzles after the recent update. I have an older Samsung galaxy S 4g.
I would like some UK crosswords.
The puzzle downloaded but the answers were a scramble of random letters so the puzzle won't show as complete.
Latest version is great--no issues.
Awesome
I love this app, but as of 10/27/14 I can't open anything. I need my puzzles back!!
Alone it justifies having an android device, no matter how much you love you're iStuff
Gives me my daily dose of crosswords and then some! One of the best apps I've seen. Thanks Robert! P. S. Works even better on a tablet!
Works well
Since the 10/26/14 update my beloved SHORTYZ crashes every time i want to open a  puzzle!  I need my FIX!  I have an older smart phone; is this the issue (HTC G2)?  I would hope a crossword puzzle app would not punish a user with an older phone!
The app was working fine until the update on 10/26/14. Now it crashes everytime I try to load a puzzle. I am hoping this can get fixed.
Open source, updated when necessary, and customizable.  Awesome.
Well kept up by developer. Easy to use.
Tons of crosswords and easy to use
I have tried many crossword apps.  This is the only one I still have installed.
Very well done, easy to use intuitive interface, we'll maintained by developer.
Excellent work.
My iOS friends envy me this great crossword app. Every once in a while, the content providers change something, which then requires a fix. In spite of high demands from a day job, an update comes out asap. Please never abandon this app!
Can't access NY Times subscription.
Great selection.
Love this app but it has become unresponsive to touch more and more lately. Sometimes I have to close the puzzle and reopen to move to a different square on my Galaxy S4. Please fix.
Love it! Works great all the time. I never have a problem with it. Ever. Wish all my apps worked this great
I've had this app on all of my smartphones. It is by far the best.
Love it, but something is up on the note 4.  Sometimes touch events work when tapping on the puzzle,  but most often nothing happens.
Can the developer please allow numbers, symbols and even multiple letters. Some puzzles these days involve such things and I don't like that I have to reveal a square in order to get them to appear. (See how Crosswords Plus does it, for example.)
Very convenient app, automatically grabs all of my favorite xwords from many publications.
Terrific way to do puzzles including the new York times.  Developer very helpful. One problem tho that I can't turn off Show Errors. Checking box to do so doesn't change screen.
This app worked beautifully on the original note.  I now have the 2014 version.  Sometimes I have to tap a box/cell 3-4 times before I get a response.  Also, the grid doesn't automatically zoom to fill the screen.
Great app. Some functionality issues on the galaxy s5. No button to move to next clue.
Great app. Can not use the Galaxy Note S-PEN though. Still a keeper anyways!
You can't find a better phone or tablet crossword app. Simple, fast and with all the features you'd want.
Best crosswords + FREE
Half the puzzles won't download. Emailed to notify of problem and got no response...
great app. probably the most used one on my phone.
My first Cross Word app, gotta say its a good app.
Now that the fix to the broken update has been placed. I'm liking it again
Great crossword app.....but I don't get half of the crossword puzzles that are shown on this page..... Never seen Boston Globe for instance. Give me more daily puzzles please!
A fun filled hour every time.
Tons of popular, free crosswords of every difficulty with no ads. Interface on my Galaxy is clean and simple. Can't find a single complaint.
Works flawlessly on my Moto X with my NYT subscription.
What happened to the Wall Street Journal.   Haven't been able to download it for weeks!
Works brilliantly with the evo shift. My most used app!
So simple and good!
Crossword puzzles
Even when prompted la times and  Friday's wsj don't  download
Elegantly straightforward to use. A great way to pass commuter time.
This is my favorite crossword app. I've used a few, and this is the only one I stick to now. I'd like to see the error reveals and other features on the Experimental sources, but I don't honestly need those to keep me occupied, and I do understand the meaning of "experimental." Overall, I have zero complaints.  *NOTE: I don't have or plan to have a NYT subscription, so I can't speak regarding any issues with the linking feature.
The best free crossword app I've found. Puzzles from different newspapers, updated daily. Even NY Times classics!
A perennial favorite of mine. My only request would be to (1) change color of the cursor and (2) have the auto download of puzzles off by default when you first download.   Other than that, this app is great.
Love it. Been using it for a couple years on Galaxy S and S4 with no difficulties. The only negative is there is no way to enter numbers from the Shortyz keyboard (only rarely needed). I heartily recommend this.
The hint function does not work on my S5. Worked perfectly for YEARS on my OG moto Droid and SII. If they still worked I'd play on them. very disappointed that it doesn't work - I use daily with hints but can bang out a puzzle in 20 mins and feel good rather than frustrated. Please fix!
Long time user, finally rated.  Easy to use, free, good variety of puzzles.  Also doesn't require any unusual or unnecessary permissions.
Open source, great dev, what more to wish for
To virtually an unlimited number of puzzles.
Good app.  5 to 6 puzzles a day and you can go back 10ish days as well.  Works offline, only using Internet to download new puzzles.  Interface. Can be clunky at times but not distracting.
I've used this app for several years and enjoyed it, but recently I decided to buy a subscription to The New York Times crossword.  I have been unable to link the two together in spite of going to the Shortyz's subscription page and entering both email and password.   Shortyz app doesn't respond to the input and will not download NYT crosswords.   I cannot see what I am doing wrong, if the fault is at this end.  Please fix this;  it's the only reason I purchased the subscription.
Best crossword app out there right now.
Awesome
Great app, kills time beautifully, easy to update, lots of settings options to create your ideal interface. Cross? No. Crosswords? Yes!
My only real complaint is that there should be some indication in the clue as to how many words are in the answer.  You never know whether your answer is one word or multiple ones.
The BEST puzzle app on Android!
I have a question. What does the little number next to my name mean when I log in. It's inside a little hexagon below my avatar. Mine has a number 11 in it. I'm also sitting at 93% in achievements. Any clues?
I download this on every android device I own.  It's the fIrst thing I look for. Love it.
Like the title says...
Really wish they would state two or more words instead of just a letter count.
Great way to pass the time while waiting.
Best app for all level of crossword enthusiasts.
Needs some UK based crossword sources.
Awesome little app, keeps the brain going.  If I could change anything it would be great to have the clue tell you if it is a multi-word answer....i.e. - "ordinarily", 3 wds.  It's not always accurate to assume clues are 1 word answers, and traditionally (from what I have experienced) papers spell out for you if an answer is more than one word.
Easily the best available for free. Lots of customization, etc.
Update to previous review: Very annoying! I have upgraded to the Galaxy S5 Android 4.4.2, and this issue with the touch not responding when trying to select squares in the grid is still there. ...even worse. Now I see that several other people are complaining about it. It certainly takes the enjoyment away, when I have to touch several times to select a square to fill.   I used to love it, but since last Android update to 4.3, selecting squares has been very difficult. AT&T Galaxy S3
Thanks
The thing I would really like to see is a way to just outright delete old puzzles. I don't want crap archived, just delete it when I press clean up.
Lots of free daily puzzles for all different skill levels. Easy to use, and nice lay out.
This app is great. It has so many sources for puzzles, that you could puzzle all day. I'm having a small issue where once you complete a word and it automatically moves to the next clue, the enter to skip to the next clue command doesn't work. For some reason it highlights the top left puzzle icon on my Samsung Galaxy S5.  This is only mildly annoying, but would be a nice fix.
Hands down the best crossword app there is!
Couldn't live without it, it's one of very few games I actually use.
Great app
Neeext...
I also like how it satisfies my daily crossword cravings
Will not automatically download any of the puzzles I set it to download. As a matter of fact the only one I can download at all is the Washington Post daily puzzle. Fix or I will uninstall.
Easy to hard, daily updates, puzzles are just the right length.  Very good UI compared to other apps.
Update (7/16/14): DOWNGRADED to two stars since I again haven't been able to download the WSJ crossword puzzles. Original review: I LOVE this app, but I only use it for the Wall Street Journal puzzle, which only seems to download on 60% of the Fridays it's supposed to. It hasn't since February 28.  Please restore the WSJ access, and I'll give it five stars.
And earlier version had issues with the zoom function, but that has been fixed and now I love this app!
Solid Crossword App
it doesn't respond to screen taps half the time on LG G2, making it difficult and annoying to navigate. Also is not downloading NYTimes puzzle, despite correct account info entry.
Would be five stars but the WSJ Friday puzzle had stopped downloading
Great stuff - but where did the WSJ Friday puzzles go?
Best of the crossword apps. I've tried so far.
Love that I can do multiple puzzles a day.
Good, but very American centric. It would be nice if we could get some UK, or Canadian sources so we don't have to know trivial details about US politics, show biz and life.
Great for puzzles, but NYT puzzles still do not work,  and haven't worked for maybe a year.   Very occasionally it will download a "New York Times Classic" puzzle.
Can't use enter to switch clues.  Every time I type a letter or hit space to switch directions it highlights the crossword icon in the top left and then I have to swipe across the board to clear it so I can use the enter key.
One of the best xword apps I've found. Two minor issues - everyday it loads the same puzzle from People, for some reason, and then sometimes it loads NYT puzzles from months or years ago so they are frequently ones that I've already done.
This is the best crossword app I've seen. I use it every day. Is there any chance of getting some regular UK sourced crosswords on the app each day?
Works pretty well most of the time. It is WAAAY better than the ugly iOS port that the New York Times calls an Android app.
Killer time burner
Terrible! Touchscreen interface does not work 60% of time. Can' t see all clues and grid at same time. Must download puzzles 1 at a time, no batch. The worst iOS apps are 100X better!
Constantly new free puzzles.
Great for stress and boredom.
It would be nice if the really icky puzzles were rated so that those of us with morals don't open them.
If you're a crossword freak, this is it
Developer is responsive ; the app has nary a glitch and is well put together. Dump the others and grab this gem.
Greatest app ever
It's set up nice but it did not have a Hint key or Answer key to even check answers. It basically just leaves u hanging on your own without any help or feedback. I even think they messed up on the number of blocks for one of my words, but I had no way of checking. I deleted it. U choose.
Love crossword puzzles and this gives you many every day!
I personally don't care for it. Too small
Really well done. Tons of options to tweak and a huge base of free crosswords to solve. Sometimes certain options don't play well with others but this is a minor complaint. I love the tablet interface especially, though I also use my phone with no issues.
Why does this app need access to my photos?
Easily my favorite crossword app ever; been a loyal (almost daily) user for over a year and haven't found anything comparable across all mobile devices. Simple interface, very easy to customize, and a fantastic variety of puzzles from reputable sources. Only wish it was on ios so I could play on my iPad...just one more reason to get an android tablet!
Homage to Will Shortz?  Assume so.  Nice work!
Really enjoy this app, but please please please add support for American Values Club subscribers!
Ive had this app since the beginning over 5 devices. I love the simplicity of the app the ability to save puzzles for whem you are on the go and there are some great sources for getting your puzzles. If you love puzzles and can do them with ease you can definitely do multiple puzzles in a day with this app.
Been using for years, never been shown ads, developer still providing updates!
The best
This app is. Perfect.
Good program. I use it everyday.
Just the best crossword app on the market. Latest update (sorry no version number) had problems when rotating the phone on HTC Sensation. Other than that, perfect and intuitive to use. Oh yeah, can't delete the archive for some reason.
Only crossword app ever needed!
Highly recommended. Update - now has boatloads of puzzles. Anyone who tried it a year ago and was disappointed by the limited number of puzzles should try it again.
Absolutely the best app for using with an NYT crossword subscription. Recently, the NYT site changed and broke the app's ability to pull the .puz files. Within a day or two the dev patched the app to fix. Awesome! Could not ask for more! Thanks!
Use it everyday, thanks for keeping us updated.
I do 3 or 4 puzzles every day; I learn new words and new definitions for words I already use. Thanks!
great variety of puzzles daily, some off-color weekly faves, some time-passers, and some real toughies. smooth and comprehensive options for different styles of solving and different difficulties. update fixed sticky zoom, yay!
Lovely open-source program
Love this app! Great work, thanks!  A split keyboard for thumb typing on tablets would be great though. (SwiftKey style)  Also the ability to download puzzles for the last X days
I've been using Shortyz for a long time and love it, but for the last few days, the New York Times crossword won't download. I checked my NYT account, and it's current. This is a great app, but some puzzles that are listed, like the Onion, never download. Until now, the New York Times was fine, but now it's gone too.
Very buggy with screen sizing.
Improve my English.
new york times puzzles not loading on May 24, or May 26, although I got the sunday puzzle yesterday.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still no new york times.  Otherwise I love this app, it is so easy to use.  Please help me get back my New York Times puzzles.
I've found myself using this app practically everytime I am not using my phone for work. Great app. Keeps me happily uccupied with the crossword puzzles I always looked forward to. 5 large stars!!
Occasionally my subscribed NY Times puzzle doesn't load, but I suspect that's on the NY Times. I use this app daily. It works flawlessly.
Excellent
Used to love (5 stars) this app. Since the android update I can't use the enter to tab from clue to clue. Very frustrating trying to move as it gets STUCK at the top of the clue list and won't let me tab without touching the screen. Did I say frustrating?
Great app!  My only complaint is that Newsday puzzles cause the 3.3.12 version to crash on my Samsung S III.
Would give it 5 stars if it didn't have made up words in some of the puzzles. Otherwise, I love this game.
The best crossword app I've tried, with the best content.  And it's free.    I never run out of crosswords.  The controls are sensible and easy to get used to.  My only complaint is that the settings menu is so close to the puzzle grid that it's easy to fatfinger it and accidentally reveal errors.
Different levels of difficulty available and plenty enough to entertain daily. Recommended. Offers enough customization for most players, too.
This is a really nice app. First crossword puzzle on my first smartphone. Great app cos there are no ads.
Same as above
I love this app and the diverse amount of crosswords.  My only complaint is that if you happen to incorrectly guess a square more then twice it marks you as using a hint.
Good free puzzles and well thought-out and implemented features and options. If you like crosswords, this is THE app for the train ride to work.
Fantastic app! The best crossword game out there. Lots of puzzles to choose. Developer addresses questions and problems faster than anyone else. (Samsung Galaxy S5)
Dang, had to uninstall. I liked this app too.
I like this app...mostly cause I'm a crossword maniac. My two complaints are that (at least on my phone) the screen is super small and won't enlarge easily, also navigating between the words is a pain
The latest upgrade seems to limit the number of puzzles downloaded, but I still love this app.
...then sucked...but is better than before now.
Just started using this and there's no reveal or submit or anything to indicate if it's done.  I tried turning on the error boxes and deliberately changed a correct answer just to see what it would do but nothing.  Very unsatisfying ending!!
Love this app. Having an issue downloading the onion av club puzzle,  but otherwise it's great for crosswords
Most of the bugs of yore seem fixed. Great app.
Love this app.So much  fun
Even downloaded crossword of 2 months ago.
This is a great crossword application. I play at least a few crosswords on it everyday.
Great updates for great puzzles.
I've been using this app almost everyday for a couple years now. Have hardly ever had a glitch. It's truly the best one out there! Only thing I wish is it would pull from NY Times. I thought I could get it because I have a subscription but that one doesn't work. Other than that, perfect!
Hard to maneuver within puzzles
Been playin for a year. No bugs, no problems
Can't get the nyt to download, have subscription.
Love this app!! I do these puzzles all day long! Awesome!
Cool app for crossword nuts - you get your crossword fix of all the top puzzles on your phone! I do them all every day!
of puzzle sources and options & it looks good too.
I've tried and uninstalled several crossword apps. This is my favorite and has been on both of the android phones I've owned in the past four years. Thanks for an entertaining app!!!
Delete the crosswords folder on your SD card and let the app download them again.
I have a Galaxy Note 3 and the touch screen doesn't work in your app.  Worked fine on my other tablets.  You get 1 star until you decide to FIX THIS.  Meanwhile, I'll find a GOOD crossword app that actually WORKS!!!!!
Has sources only to American puzzles - not very cryptic clues.   Good fun, nevertheless.
It works great, it's free.  Robert adapts it to the changing market when he has time.  Thanks!
It's really quite good
Love this app but my People download keeps loading an old one... how do I fix this so it downloads the current week's???
Have to find it in Play Games/Store to open.. What gives?
I use it daily.  It only downloads the three puzzles I want and gives all the options I need.
Used to be 5 star, but now the interface is broken--enter and ok button don't work and the zoom is so broken that it is unplayable.
Good app
Can make app operate as I want in almost every respect. Only missing option is for user-defined sources, e.g. non-English (US) puzzles or other difficulty levels.
Has all the features one could look for in a crossword app
Love this app! Play all the time. People Magazine was back but again is stuck on same puzzle,  please fix!
What happened to the Friday Wall Street Journal puzzle??
Would be a five star but minor bugs
I'm sorry to hear that people use this amazing open source code to create cheap ripoff apps.
Does what it says: lets you solve crosswords. It's got a great interface, and lots of sources. If you like crossword puzzles, you'll love this app.
The only app I play virtually daily on my phone, even compared to email and the actual phone function itself. I no longer dread hour long waits at the doctor's office.
Love this. And now that I've discovered the show errors option I enjoy it more. Great for people trying to get into a crossword habit.
Best crossword app ever!
It used to have more daily puzzles but only has a couple now. Would like those other puzzles back.  Fuctionally, this is the best crossword app I have come across. *UPDATE* Added a few crosswords back. Still missing a few I enjoyed.. but better.
But could we have a prompt for the first automatic download?
I really enjoy this app
I really like this. The best one I've found so far.
because it has friggin adds that pop up in all my apps! this was the only game ive downloaded today so i know its not any other app! this app has adware, do not download
The BEST BEST BEST crossword app out there, hands down!
I haven't tried the paid version, but the free version works great. You get a handful of puzzles a day at various levels of difficultly. My one issue is that when they load some of the classic puzzles it doesn't store correctly whether you have finished them in the past. The affect of which being that you start doing a puzzle and figure out ten minutes in that you are magically getting the answers too easily. I just stopped doing the classic puzzles. It's free though, can't complain.
WTF? As of yesterday (3/7/14) the best weekly crossword, The Wall Street Journal, no longer downloads, or rather it shows it downloaded but the file is nowhere... so now, the best xword program for Android, bar none, RUINED...Sucks...
This is the best crossword app out. No $$$ or pay 2 play. Shout out to u Shortzzzz
Really nice UI and features. Only one request for those who like the Brit format crosswords - Can you add some British sources, like the Guardian, Daily Telegraph or Times? That would make it 5 stars. Cheers and keep up the good work.
This is a great app, and is perfect for doing crosswords on the go. There are some zoom issues occasionally, but they've been significantly reduced after the most recent update. The addition of achievements has added another element to the puzzles which I like.
I've used this app with every android I've had it amazing!
I'm enjoying using this app.
Best crossword app that I've used on several devices. When it comes to what puzzles are available this is easily the best crossword app. Ny times,  Washington Post, etc. UI is great too except weird issue where the puzzle will zoom far out,  which can be difficult to recover from. If the zoom bug gets fixed,  This is easily a 5 star app.
After the update, I've been getting more puzzles
I love this app. Simple and easy to use.
What else is there to say? This one is the best. Hands down.
The app Words with Crosses looks almost identical to this app. Is there any relation?
Great app!!
Great app, especially for free!
Had it for over a year.  Never had a problem with it. There are a few puzzles that are challenging and then a few that are easier.  Thanks!
Get it
This is the best app on the market. The Washington Post puzzles are back! The developer is very responsive in fixing issues.
Great app. I love that you can download past puzzles. Every once in a while there's a glitch where every time I try to type, the puzzle minimizes...but it's a small thing compared to everything else this app offers.
Great set of puzzles, and I'm picky.
All my favorite puzzles are back, and the achievements are fun to collect. Easily the best crossword app.
I love how you can choose various puzzle sources. Easy to use. Only free app I can find woth the People magazine puzzle.
Changed my review to 5 stars... before it was a great app hampered by frequent crashes.  Now it's just a great app. More puzzles, no ads, no stupid permissions, no bs... just lots of quality crosswords.
Fun and fo free
After the latest update, the app closes any time I try to go into a puzzle. I use it almost every day, so I hope the issue is fixed soon. Rating will change after the fix.
Thanks for letting us choose whether to have pink or not!
I use it everyday and since the last update the experience has been stellar. Thank you for implementing Google Play Games, it really makes the app stand out. Hopefully there will be more integration in the future.
I play with the 'Show errors' option selected. Doesn't take away from the puzzle solving experience at all.
Thanks
My only complaint is that since the last update, every once in a while the app freezes. Fix that and it'd be five stars! Edit: fixed!
Newsday not working on last update 2/12, but still my number one go to for phone distractions.
Just need to address Sunday's Premier Crossword Puzzle absence and it's an easy 5star review.
The only reason that this doesn't get a 5-star rating is that no matter how many times I check and unchecked the "No Hint Highlighting" box it doesn't give me the pink boxes. It did on my last phone but doesn't on Commando 2. The app is overall easy to use and a great app for anyone who loves crosswords.
Love
thank you for bringing back the LATimes.
Intuitive experience, loads from plenty of sources, keeps me puzzled all day long.
Well worth getting.
I love these crossword puzzles & the ability to do a handful at a time.  Thanks for making it so easy!
New puzzles every day, flexible features, and clean UI. Couple this with a lack of IAP, spyware, popups, and ads, this free app is higher quality and less invasive than some of the apps I've paid for. Seems too good to be true, but is.
Full-featured, no ads, actively maintained by the author AND free?! Shortyz is almost too good to be true. Thanks Robert!
I play it almost everyday. Good for stimulating my brain in a positive way... Thank you!
and so are the stars
Great all around. I use this app to get my subscribed NYT puzzles, and many others, rather than their own. I've used this for years and can't think of a single issue I've had using it on either my phone or tablets (s3, n7, kindle hd)
I've tried a few others. This was, far and away,  the best that I found. The options to customize this makes this app nearly perfect. One nit: because of hardware limitation on later phones, there is no way to use the phone's query key (there is none) to go to the next clue. If there could be a "next field" key on the apps' keyboard similar to the "space" key, it would be even batter
Love Shortyz puzzles. Best free crossword app, ever. Thanks, Kebernet.
I like how all the puzzles are in one place with one download a day. Highly recommend it.
Love the app but I have not had a People Magazine Crossword downloaded in 8 weeks. WHY??? Please fix this.PLEASE!!!  Therefore I will only give this app 3 stars.
Everything is downloading again and working much more smoothly.
The best.
Love it! Thank you for bringing LAT back!
I've been using this my fist Android device.
Easy to use, and fun. Best crossword app I have found!
Love the app.
The only two features I'd like are   (a) the ability to sync between devices,   and   (b) the ability to enter more that one letter in a square, which is often required for the Times's Thursday puzzle.
I love this game it helps me kill time.
I installed this app yesterday and it had one puzzle(people is not an option ugh) today I open and wah lah! An update and some real puzzles.
I've been using this app for so long and want so upset last week when I couldnt get Newsday...thank you thank you thank you for fixing it! Great app!
5-Stah!!! LA Times is back! Great fix... Thanks!... Great format and execution overall.
I use this every day.
Best app ever!!!
I first commented that LA Times did not work but an update came through and now it works perfectly. this app is five stars and I should have given it five stars before. This is a well maintained application.
Thanks for the update!
I've been using this app for over 2 years, and it is easily the best free crossword puzzle app available. Love it!!
I've had this app forever. It's one of my absolute favorites.
I was worried for a bit but then the LAT issue got fixed. Huzzah!
LA times won't download on my motox
Great app and quick fix when la times and news day went down.
I wish it kept and reported stats. They would have to be collected for each day of the week since the puzzles have different difficulty on different days.
Not getting puzzles I once did
While this app occasionally has issues it is one of the most used on my phone. It works well and has good clarity for the puzzles. From time to time some of the puzzles will stop downloading for a week or two but then they start up again. My guess is that this has more to do with the content providers than the app. My main issue with the app is that (at least on my device) once you start typing something you have to touch somewhere on the puzzle before you can use enter to move to the next clue.
Real simple.......if the puzzles go away....so will I
Awesome app
Where did newsday puzzles go?  They were the only ones I could consistently finish on my own.  :(
I've had this app for a few years off and on. It's a good app for crosswords but the "People" crossword hasn't updated in a month of Thursdays (since I installed it again). If the next update can't fix this I will probably give up and un-install it for good this time.
Used to get up to 6 a day now only get two.  Is news day gone from the app?
This app used to download puzzles every day, but now it won't download any new ones.  Un installing now!
Love the app, but now the LA Times puzzle won't download. The NYT hasn't worked for months either.
LA Times and Newsday puzzles gone?  Nice app, but keep the puzzles.
Had this app on previous phone and I love this app but it will not download all the puzzles on my Samsung note 3.
Shortyz is a great crossword app. Unfortunately, as of the end of January, I've been unable to download the LA Time daily (or Sunday) crossword puzzle. I'd be willing to pay to get that crossword puzzle. Other than that, the app is 5 star worthy.
What happened to the LA times?  It was my go to puzzle.
Excellent crossword app
I have been using this app for a couple of years now - I love it!  I appreciate the options to show mistakes or not and to set up how the game reacts when you have finished filling in a box (where it jumps to next - or not).
For someone who likes crosswords this is the best out there
I love this app, but the last few days the LA Times crossword puzzle won't download.
Something wrong with LA Times. It hasn't been downloading for the past week
The August update has destroyed the app - crashes on launch every time.
LA Times stopped downloading
It stopped downloading on 1/27/2014.  Any particular reason? Other than that APP works well
I love this app, so simple and functional
All but two of the daily puzzles stopped downloading
Yay
Problem seems to be fixed! Now this app can have its starts back! Thank you!
I love this app as a time filler but am bummed out doesn't recognize the stylus on my Note 3. Every other app does and Xword does on the keyboard but not on the grid, so I have to use my finger. Not a deal breaker, but I Love the stylus.
Thanks for the fix. Back to five stars!!
This used to be great, but I can't even use it anymore!
I love this app. I'm ashamed of the huge amount of time I spend doing crossword puzzles with this app. It is everything I want in crossword game.
Good way to keep the mind sharp.
A well constructed, free crossword app.  Bravo!
Ever since the latest update, it crashes whenever I open a puzzle.
Love getting my NYT fix right on my phone as well as many others. The interface has numerous options to suit anyone's style. Absolutely love this app.
Great service but really annoying navigation.
Once I can get The Onion puzzles to download add I cash play them as well, I'll up it to five stars. But so far, so good. Keep up the good work!!! :-D
Great crossword app
Lots of puzzles, lots of options in the settings, hardly any bugs.. Sometimes the screen gets stuck in zoom out mode, but exiting the app and returning fixes it.
Does what it advertises. Neat features  like "show errors ."
Force closes on attempting to open a crossword after latest update. And update menu missing. Now put right - thank you!
This is, without a doubt, the best crossword puzzle app I've tried.
Multiple phones and an old tablet and never let me down
Good, but could be better.
Used to love it. Now it just crashes on startup on my Nexus 5. Unplayable.  23JAN14: it's working again.  Thanks!
This app rules
Best crossword app available!
I loved this app on my old phone but it is unusable on my Galaxy S4. The puzzle size is too tiny to be playable and it will not zoom in at all. :-( Please please fix it...
No ads? Daily puzzles (with the option to import paid ones too)? For free?  Yeah, there are a couple of small bugs on my Galaxy S4--once I use the keyboard, I can't skip words until I tap the crossword again--but given that it's not pestering me every 5 minutes about Candy Crush, I'm okay with that.  So if it works on your phone, this is the best crossword app of all. And it's free, so try it out.
My favorite crossword app by far.
I keep getting an error message that won't allow me to even open the app. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling a couple times and it didn't help. Still got the error message.
Fun and challenging game.
Well this app was everything I could have dreamed and more til it suddenly stopped working. I tried reinstalling, still nothing. Oh well, I will miss you shortyz....for the few weeks I had you, you made subways almost bearable.
Fun to do and nice to be able to control some of what happens.
One of my favorite apps.
Text is way to small and I have perfect vision.
Great app.
Love the simplicity of this app, it brings all the big dailies to one place. And OK, maybe it's cheating, but the letter hints are great for begginers, you'll never be stuck with an unfinished puzzle.
Best puzzle app ever!
Zooming up the pole
Simple and excellent
Best crossword app I have found so far!
I had the same problem as another user. A puzzle refused to download, but would run constantly. I uninstalled the app, will keep checking back to see if it's been fixed. When it works I would give it 4 stars, but for now it is 1.
I absolutely love crossword puzzles. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes crosswords
I never had any problem with this app until yesterday.  None of the puzzles will download.
Great app. Gives you lots of puzzles, and doesn't ask for tons of cazy permissions. Plus, it is free.
I LOVE FINDING WORDS!!!!!!!
Solid as Iraq.
Love it
Try it you will love it....
Looks great works great.  Can't seem to download any of the daily NYTimes puzzles I have a subscription to.  Otherwise a great app overall.
No issues, new material everyday.
woot WOOT!!!
Brilliant user interface.  One problem though is sometimes it zooms out to a tiny size and I can't zoom in.
I work these crosswords almost everyday. Love them. Thanks.
Buggy
I've had this app for a while. Good way to pass time.  Love it!
Been playing this since it first came out a few years ago.  My favorite app by far.
I want to pay. To offset the lack of ad revenue and stuff. And motivate further development.  Oh. Working on Kit Kat with ART.
Unfortunately, it seems buggy with android 4.4. Sometimes backspacing doesn't work, the window isn't resized by the keyboard so scrolling doesn't work. Unfortunately, this makes it mostly unusable. Please fix!
Pink hint boxes are inconsistant and annoying. The whole feature needs to be discarded. Otherwise it's one of my favorite apps.	Would rate five stars if not for the inconsistant (and annoying) hint boxes. Please get rid of them completely.
I recommand not to  jIust install it then it starts downloading other junk. O.o please to save space no
This app was my go-to on my old phone, whichange could only run an older version. Now on LG Enact, and the app crashes immediately :(	Makes me sad, I infinitely preferred this app over others I'd tried.  Guess it's time to try some others and check back later, hoping for a fix.  Uninstalled and reinstalled a few times, but it didn't fix whatever is glitching
Great app. Variety of puzzles. Huge problem it keeps stopings for no reason and the app wont open. What a shame please fix bugs, i really enjoy this app.
Great job!
Crash on open.  Works for a day then back to crashing.  I love it when its working.  Would be 5 star
Force close when I open.. started yesterday. Sucks because I really liked this app
My favorite crossword app
Not as usable or enjoyable now that I've updated from a Samsung Galaxy S2 to the higher pixel density of the Galaxy S4. Can't zoom in enough to comfortable use an app that I'd be will to purchase for ~$3.99. Hope this gets fixed in upcoming versions...
Its awesome
What happened to it? It's no longer on your download list? Please put it back.
Odd zoom out still happens.  Have to force stop.  Need inverted b/w mode to save battery.
Rarely crashes, new puzzles daily. Very happy with app.
I tried other crossword apps. I'm sorry I ever strayed!
This app has been around for awhile. The author clearly supports their creation. Thanks
Until this garbage with puzzles taking 24 hours to load is fixed, this stays at one with a bad recommendation. Fourteen puzzles now have done this and deleting the app doesn't even make it go away. Contacted the developer and he apparently doesn't care. I guess since it's not his battery being drained every few hours. Even after several months of no play, I tried again and it's still a Mess. Jonesin is "stuck" now.
No longer downloads puzzles. Please fix.
Love it
Am I the only one who cannot get this app open? I use to play ALL the time and it will NOT
Favorite crossword app for android. Hands down. Best puzzles. The most options. Good layout. All around great app. Honestly, I can't believe it's free.
Several puzzles don't download (WaPo, WSJ, etc.) would be 5 stars with that fix
Spent countless hours using this app. Great find, I highly recommend
Is it any wonder people are moving to clones of this previously excellent app when the author can't even be bothered fixing basic bugs like the menu missing "download".
Easy interface! Plenty of crossword sources streamed to one place!
Excellent free crossword game. Just what I've been looking for.
Simple, light, well designed. Five stars easily.
Quickly fixed after previous issue,  thanks!
Always loved this app! Fun, great variety, downloads new puzzles daily, & optional show errors. Only prob is screen fitting. Sometimes puzzles shrink when u type.
A simple, compact, and  easy to use app!
I have reset the zoom several times, but everytime I touch the screen to add my word it goes back to the smallest screen on the top left side. Love the puzzles but your settings are a problem.
Help! I love love LOVE doing all these crosswords everyday but when I downloaded yesterdays puzzles the app forced close on me. I've uninstalled and reinstalled but still the app won't even open :-( I was finally able to get the app working again after a week. One of the puzzles must have caused a glitch.
I loved this, but it no longer works on my phone. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I get no puzzles. Miss it. No stars now.
Except for one problem. There are no pink highlights on my samsung mega.
I miss the two smaller puzzles that came everyday. Also the people magazine puzzle has been the same puzzle for over a month now. Other than that good fun
I like "Puzzles for Friends" puzzle generator too...
Absolutely love these crosswords!
TERRIBLE NOW!!! This app should now be called the People Magazine crossword puzzle because that's the only puzzle you get anymore. It used to be awesome and you'd get 4 to 7 puzzles per day. Now just one. HORRIBLE!
Seems that in the last month or so there are less puzzles available each day. I get 2 every day now where I used to get  at least half a dozen. What gives? Will be removing this app unless something changes.  It was a nice collection when I first started using it but has really seemed to go downhill.
lurvit
It's they only way I do  crosswords any more!
Love it very challenging
Very fun
Crashes every time I scroll through puzzles.
No need to look further Great app. Works well and has nice variety.
HELP please fix Im missing may daily crossword fix :)
OK app, but we'll see if I keep it after it 'updates' again. The last 'update' was a self uninstall....
This is by far the best crossword app available. Please make available for Kindle Fire!
This is a very nice application for those who love crossword puzzles.  It works well, but every once in a while it will cause a complete shutdown of my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1.  This happens immediately after entering the last letter of a word, when the app should jump to the next word in line.  Changing the "Enter Changes Direction" setting has no effect on the behavior.  This happens seldom enough that I still recommend the application, as it is one of the few applications that doesn't "get in the way" while solving a crossword puzzle.
This was my favorite app. Now get fewer puzzles, puzzle will shrink and after you zoom in it shrinks again at the first touch. For the last 4 days it won't even open. Have uninstalled , reinstalled, powered down all to no avail.
Was a great app. Still have not figured out the the Android issue.
I play this everyday
Used to be you could download half a dozen Sunday puzzles. Now I only ever get crappy People's magazine puzzle.
I've noticed that less puzzles are being downloaded. Where's Newsday? Or as some have said where's people?
It was working fine till one day the puzzle would shrink, and I'd zoom it out, and I'd go to touch the screen to start the puzzle again, it shrinks again.  Or, I go onto another one and it won't zoom at all.  What gives?  I'll install/uninstall once.  Otherwise if it doesn't work I'll try something else..pity, I liked this too.
made up words, clues that don't state there's multiple words, misspelled words, and clues that don't make sense for the words in the puzzle, detract.
Absolutely Love it!!   Thank you for bringing this to us and keeping it up to date.  I really appreciate it : )
...now I can't get any new puzzles to download, uninstalling now.
One of the reasons I got this  App was the people magazine puzzler... For the past few weeks I haven't gotten a new one....emailed about it and got no response
This is my escape at work! Have had it for yrs and I really enjoy it! Has never let me down.
Love it, but there hasn't been a people magazine puzzle in over a month....what's going on...why no puzzle updates?
Love having several puzzles a day to do right in the palm of my hand. Lately, however, duplicate puzzles are downloading and appear with a red line to the left of the puzzle on the option page.
Have enjoyed this app for many months and it worked flawlessly for me.  However, since the last update, several of the features I love are no longer working.  Have e-mailed the creator and never heard anything back.
this app is usually amazing but the last update added so many worthless things that I can't turn off or opt out of, totally disappointing
highly customizable. great layout. love the built in sync.   where did la times go though?
Splendid. Keep it up..
Once a puzzle is completed I'm stuck with it. Worked fine on 1st puzzle, now I'd just have to play same puzzle over and over. Clean-up not an option either.
Simply can't demand anything more from this app!
Easy to play. Plenty of crosswords.
I LOVED this app.   Upgraded to the new Galaxy and now I can't get the puzzles large enough to see.
Matrix HD  Won't let me open app at all - was my favorite ... please fix!!
So glad latest bug fixed.  This is the best crossword app out there, period!
Can't download people magazine puzzles.
Don't work right on my new phone but did great on my old one.........bummer:(	Had it on my previous phone and its one of most used apps I've had.
What happened?  I upgrade to a Samsung s4 and the Shortyz user interface takes a leap backward. I can no longer zoom to a usable grid size!  The largest zoom possible has a grid still so small it is horribly frustrating to use.  It takes multiple pokes before I can get the puzzle to highlight the desired square with the word in the desired orientation.   I used to compare solve times but now it's pointless, because more than half the time is wasted just trying to highlight the correct square.   I NEED ZOOM!
Puzzles are fun and  challenging...only complaint I have is New York Times Classic is the same puzzle every week, fixing this will make it a 5 star
Best crossword app ever
It's great.  Fluid interface and easy to use.  You can choose which puzzles to download, so I usually download the ones from Monday and Tuesday and work on those all week.  Great for beginers, like me, and the hardcore alike.
I wish I could give 5 stars. I had this app for years on my last three phones and loved it. A few months ago, the keyboard started getting stuck on the screen. I couldn't go back to start a new puzzle. I would press my homescreen button and the app closed but the keyboard didn't. I had to restart my phone. The app would function for a few puzzles then the keyboard would freeze again. I uninstalled & reinstalled but the same thing happened.
Lost pref. for puzzles I want DL'd,  other than that: clean & easy to use.
UPDATE: Works perfectly again. Back to daily usage. Thank you!!!  Since last update it will not open and crashes. Used to spend hours on this app now it is uninstalled. :'(
Love thia.  Use evey day.
I first downloaded it many months ago. Took a while to get the hang of the user tools especially sizing it. Once I had it working, it was great. Used it during my commutes. I don't know what happened with the latest update but I can no longer open it. Install/uninstall. Clear cache. Reboot phone. I may get it to work for a while, but it inevitably crashes and I start the cycle all over. Not sure why I appear to be the only user with this persistent problem. Wish I could find the fix because I miss it.
The issue is still not resolved and I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling on my HTC EVO 4G LTE.
Much better than using pen and paper, and an endless supply of free daily crosswords!
i love it! thanks a lot!
Love this app.
All bugs fixed. Back in business thanks
Fantastic variety of puzzles at all levels. I've been hooked ever since I downloaded over a year ago.  The bug that caused crash has been resolved.
Love the crosswords, play all the time. Too bad some of the old available puzzles are no longer available
Shortys is freaking great. If you are addicted to crosswords, you need this app. I use this nearly every day. Love the list option. Makes it easier.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for fixing the crashing issue so quickly! Love this app!!!!
This game went from hardly playable to completely unplayable after this newest update.  I'm not sure what is different about my device than everyone else's, but I cannot even get through two answers before having to back out and start all over again.  Uninstalling.  Dev, feel free to contact me if you want any info about my device to help resolve problem.
Fixed: Needed to delete the crossword directory on the sdcard before reinstalling. Old:The app still crashes on opening with Droid DNA, Android 4.1.1
I love the app, but it won't work on my new RAZR HD for some reason.
Newest update has broken this app for days with no word from the developer about a fix.  Uninstalling  New update has fixed this issue
Crashes every time I try to open a puzzle now
I really like this app and use it all the time. Thank you for fixing it for Android 4.3.3 (or whatever I have)!
Thanks. Back to give stars.
Doing this review to counter all the negative reviews from the update hiccup recently. The app is fixed (2 days) and is great for crossword aficionados. It just works, and I love the Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday puzzles in particular.
Magic Jack app has great potential but the company doesn't seem to be interested in it at all. It does not work with the updated Jelly Bean 4.3, yet no update, and no response to any of the suggested changes. This is an orphan app.
Perfect free crossword app. Love it
Crashing problem is fixed. My fav crossword app! Can't get to sleep without it!
Keep up the good work.  Comments...dont line the cursor always jumping to the end of the row when you finish a mid word..  Sometime if you flip the screen the screen locks into a zoom.
This was my favorite app, updates created crashes, and fortunately the developer is responsive so the app is fixed! I am a happy user again!
Reported crash issues with Galaxy Note 2 on Saturday. Updates and fixed on Monday. Outstanding. Many thanks!
I love this
Thx for the quick fix (only 24 hours) for jellybean. Quality app. Best of luck in the future.
This once problem-free app is, as many have noted, now beset with problems. The update is hopelessly buggy, and I am in the throes of a painful withdrawal; please fix lest I go mad! ********************************** Saints be praised! Back to five stars with the latest update. The response to our agonized wails was speedy and successful. Milles merci!!
Very versatile UI that gives you the options to play the way you want to play. Automatic fowls of daily and weekly puzzles works flawlessly; there's always another puzzle available.
Awesome app with great sources of my favorite puzzles!
Very well maintained and the programmer greatly deserves our support (donations and reviews)
I use daily, and have told my friends about it.
Favorite app hands down.
Been a happy user for years. Update comes out and now it won't even open any puzzles ... pauses then crashes for "unknown reason"
I love crosswords. This is by far the most simple, fun and enjoyable crossword app out there :) Thanks for the great game.
Update: saw an update, got excited, updated the app, but now when I try to open the app it automatically force closes. Fix it please! Motorola Droid.   After today's update the app force closes whenever I try to open any puzzle. Please fix!! I don't want to uninstall and lose my puzzles. :(
I play this everyday! The interface is the most user friendly of all the crossword apps I've seen. Thanks for the quick resolution to the update issue others mentioned!
Since 3.2.9 update... 3.2.10 update can't open at all. HTC DNA...
Somehow will not appear when daily downloaded. They r my favorite besides Newsday.
Yes!  Awesome App
Crashes everytime I try to scroll down the list of puzzles on the main page.  Have installed every update.  ASUS TF 201. Very fun if you don't mind just playing puzzles that appear in the main window, so I gave it an extra star.
This is a fantastic crossword app, now I can get my daily fix even when I can't get a newspaper!
Loved it until it started crashing. Samsung galaxy S3.
The last update caused the app to stop working. Please fix ASAP.
Last update caused it to crash on opening. Reinstalling seemed to fix. Would have been 5 stars otherwise
Great app. Very useful on bus rides, doctor waiting rooms and the like. Galaxy Note 2.
Lots of brain food! Crashes fixed by last update.
FIXED FOLLOWING ISSUE, SO GAVE BACK THE STARS (UPDATE):.Since last update it Stops Working when attempting to open any puzzle on Droid DNA.  Used a lot until then.
Must have app for tablets, if you like crosswords
This is a great app for crossword lovers. The interface is user friendly and the puzzles are a variety of challenging fun.
Great app. Gets me through MANY slow days at work!
a quick recovery for an old friend. The best is back! Evo 4g
Reinstalled SHORTYZ today, and it works!! Thanks for the rapid update. This is a really, really great APP and I was missing it after the problems with the previous (unsuccessful) update.
Excellent source of free crosswords!
Latest update fixed crashes. Yay! I was all sad when it broke now im all happy that it's back!
Variety of puzzles
Newest update fixed crash issues
Thanks for fixing crashing so fast LOVE this game
I love Shortyz. I was saddened by the last update, but figured it'd be straightened out. Don't listen to the haters. :)
Far and away the best crossword app on any platform I've tried. Great work!
This one is perfect.
Great!
Awesome!! Its fixed!! Thank you!!! It works again
If you enjoy crossword puzzles, this app is a must.
Love this app!
I love this app and use or every day.  Like so many other users, the 3.2.9 update brought with it the inability to open a puzzle without crashing.   I just ran the update again through the Play store and the app is working again.   If it's crashing for you, give this a try.
Been using this since shortly after going to Android. You can tell from the patch notes that the dev really cares about his apps and users.
Shortyz is simple to use and still full of features.  Because of this game, what was once my phone is now my crossword puzzle machine that I occasionally talk on.   (Note: An August 4 update has fixed a crashing problem I had with the August 2 update.  Yay!)   Also, the developer of Shortyz has been remarkably gracious about some apparent license violations from other developers.   Shortyz has a license which gives others permission to use the code under certain conditions, but some developers seem to be using the code but ignoring the conditions.
Thank you for fixing the bugs!
Rating used to be at least a 4, new update causes app to crash any time I try to open a puzzle. Essentially, Shortyz has become a list of titles of inaccessible puzzles. Galaxy SIII
I loved the app beforehand.
Love the app. Although, since this update when I try to open a puzzle the app will crash.
I am a long time user of this app.  Missing it dearly today since the update broke it.
Best free program on the play store.
This is my favorite app! I wish the creator would set up a paypal so I can donate as a thank you!
Great app. Works well and loads of crosswords. HAPPY
Latest version crashes when opening puzzles.
Please fix soon I would like to do a crossword.
Please fix!  Samsung GS3
Only crashes. Broken with last update. Nice work. Was a great game.
Found same exact app but this 1 doesn't force close its called crosswords by acerapps I'm going 2 use this until they fix short!!
Update forces close when attempting to open puzzles. Finding a new crossword app and uninstalling this immediately!!
Latest update messed everything up. Closes when I try to open a puzzle. Galaxy S3
QA before launching update is a great idea
Since the 'update' I cant open puzzles anymore, the app shuts down when I try to open a puzzle.
Crashes every time I open a puzzle since the new update.  Used it everyday prior to this problem
I have used this app for years. Best crossword app out there, but latest update broke it on my galaxy s3. Whatever bug they fixed on tablets they seemed to have created on smartphones.
I used to absolutely love this app but ever since the the newest update the app crashes every time you select a puzzle. I will be uninstalling it and looking for another crossword app
Now every time I try to open a puzzle it crashes
I've had it for a couple of years, but suddenly having the same trouble as others...it's crashing trying to open it. Getting ready to reinstall for second time...fingers crossed!
It crashed today and wouldn't come back. Before that it was great.
Have enjoyed shortyz for a lonng time. Bummed that it no longer works.
Before update, no problems...since updating, cant play because it force closes when opening puzzles
I hope you can resolve the new crash issue soon.  This has been one of my favorite apps! Thanks!	Great fun once you get used to the interface...  the new update has indeed caused forced closings. But I am still going to leave my five star rating because you have been so good at responding to problems. I cannot believe you do this, and this is still a free app. Again thank you.
Was using this daily until August 3, 2013. Now I can't do anything with it until it is fixed. Might as well uninstall and find another app. Who has time to wait on a fix?
Newest update WILL NOT LAUNCH on HTC One...UGH!
Can't open a puzzle, force closes. Galaxy S3
App stops working when attempting to open a puzzle.  It worked fine before the latest update.
Last update made the app useless. Crashes when opening a puzzle.
UPDATE 8/4/13: I used to love this app until the most recent update. Now every time I attempt a puzzle it force closes.  I love this app. Its simply the best. Recently I've been having an issue though. When I type a letter in, the puzzle super shrinks. I can rezoom it but as soon as I type another letter.. it shrinks again. Does the same if I manually tap the boxes. Other than that, I adore this app.
New update doesn't work with the s3. Can't open any of the downloaded puzzles and the app shuts down when I click on anything
Newest update caused the app to shut down when opening puzzles.  I used this almost every day. RAZR Max  Uninstalled
Won't open any puzzles.  Shuts down every time.
8/3/2013 update force closes when opening puzzles (Samsung GS3). Previously... Love this app, easy to view puzzles. And now crosswords don't frustrate me so much with the reveal errors feature.
I've never had any complaints about this app, however since downloading the 3.2.9 update the app force closes every time I try to open a puzzle.. please fix this ASAP!!!!
Latest patch makes it crash every time I try to open a puzzle. Used to love this app, now it is a source of frustration.
Force Close whenever I tried to open. HTC Evo
This app did work before the update. Now every time I click to open a puzzle, it closes the app. .
Now the puzzles don't open...please fix...
I love this app but after this last update I can't even use it. The app force closes when I try to open any of my puzzles. Please fix!
Straight forward and consistently good.
Chronicle of Higher Education is by far the best.   It is only published biweekly but very good.  SHORTYZ has a good clean straightforward interface, easy to use.
Downloaded update today, and now the app crashes every time I start a puzzle. Never had issues before.  Ugh.
Can't open any puzzles since the update... :(
I've had this app a long time and never had a problem with it until I got update 3.2.9. Now it crashes everytime I try to open a puzzle. I've uninstalled and got a new app. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!
Love it.
Keep trying other similar apps but always come back to this one
Can't download half what they show available
Crashes after recent update
Used to love this app and recommended it on my website.  Now?  It just force closes every time.
Last update just ruined it. Crashes when try to open puzzle.
Stopped working after the update.
Cant open a puzzle at all. Loved this game before update
I love this game but since the latest update it crashes anytime I try to open a puzzle.
Crashes every time I try to open a puzzle.  This started occurring after the latest update.
I love this app and have used it daily for a few years.  However, with the last release, the zoom is not functioning properly.  The puzzle gets very small and the app slows down and I must force a shutdown of the app to correct the issue.
App crashes before it even opens.
I use this when I am traveling.
Since update doesn't do anything but force close.
Now it force closes when I try to open any puzzle on my GalaxyS3. Please fix, thanks.
This last update SUCKS!! Won't open puzzles.....keeps stopping. Please fix! !!! I love this app and don't want to have to find another one.
Great app until the last update broke it! App forces error and shuts down.  I have uninstalled for now and look forward to installing it back after it's fixed again.
Lots of customizations, free puzzles, great!
New version off to a rocky start.  Crashing early and often on Samsung GS3.
New update force closes.... No issues before
The latest uodatef ruined this app. Now it force closes. Please fix it
Worked fine yesterday, twas the update.
Used to be great until last update. I can't do a xword bc it quits! Uninstalled. Time to find a new one. Galaxy siii
This works well. Very easy to download crosswords from the New York Times.
Update fixed the error. Love this app!
Worked great until an automatic update today ruined the app.  It force closes so I've had to uninstall. I have an HTC One X and usually do not have problems with most apps made for android.  Please fix!!!!
Up and make a cuppa before you wreck the rating. Hasn't had time to fix the issue. Bunch of ungrateful, pissy, peeps!  Geez!
I love this app, but since today's update I can't open any puzzles and it forces closed when trying.
New upgrade does not work! Its making a force stop immediately after upgrade and working fine until then. This is the best app ever, however, it doesn't even work now! Arg, I'm so bummed!
Zoom does not work properly and i can't move it when it is zoomed in. Sometimes the titles are messed up showing symbols instead of letters. Also the puzzle randomly becomes slanted and unresponsive.
Yup! Force closes on mine too.
Latest update always crashes now! Please roll it back or fix? Love your program! Want it back.
I missed this app - now after the fix it's usable again and worth 5 stars :-)
Downloaded latest update, app crashes.
Best crossword app for Android. Latest update fixed the crashes on my Nexus 4. Thank you thank you thank you!
I updated it and now it force closes when I try to do a puzzle. Uninstalling.
My shortz app updated today, and now it won't open any of the puzzles. It just forcecloses. NOT HAPPY. I am addicted to my crosswords and this WAS ku favorite app. I used it daily until now.
Plenty of free daily crosswords to work on, and it has good options. However, the UI is based on really old android guidelines, and it would be awesome for this to get a more functional coat of paint!
Great
Easy to use with lots of puzzle choices. No issues, use it every day.
Currently has null pointer exception with 4.3 on my nexus 4.  Tons of features, works great.  I'd like some french crosswords, but otherwise, perfect.
I love the app and use it almost daily, but it appears to be broken since updating to 4.3 on my Nexus 4. The app stops as soon as I try to open a crossword
However I've been having some issues with this app. I've had several puzzles where it had the wrong letters as the answers. Then the app stopped downloading Sheffer & Joseph crosswords. The biggest issue is I've tried contacting the developers to make them aware & been met with no response. I'm trying to get these issues made aware of, but apparently this isn't important to the developers. So I've rated it lower than my usual 5 star and will continue until these problems are addressed. Am I the only 1?
Can no longer access NYT xword archives before certain dates so the app is basically useless now. Switched to Crosswords Plus. UI took getting used to but I love it now. A highly recommended replacement for Shortyz.
Recently updated to Jellybean 4.3, now app closes as soon as a puzzle is opened. Hopefully the issue will be resolved soon.
Simply a phenominal ap to aggregate as many real and challenging crosswords as you'll ever need.
Where did the Sheffer puzzles go?
I used this app daily until it crashed a few days ago and now won't open even with a reinstall and cache refresh. HELP Shortyz!!
Needs  a night mode
I love this app but lately it will not download all of the puzzles that it should. I hope they get that fixed
I just love these puzzles. Definatly 5 stars!
This used to be my favourite app. but now, every time I try to open it, it says it has stopped working and closes. This happens on both Android devices. Maybe it's me? But I am very sad because I would have rated it 5*!
Up until 3-4 weeks ago this was 5 stars. Now my 2 favorite crosswords have disappeared. What happened to Joseph & Scheffer?? I could always finish those two!
I had rated this 5 stars but my Nexus 4 was just upgraded to Jelly Bean 4.3 and now the so now longer works. I hope that there's a fix soon. I love Shortyz!
Why did I lose the crosswords "Josephs" & "Sheffer " and also I have had the same exact "people" puzzle for.many weeks. What is going on?
Used to be a 5 star crossword app. All of a sudden it wouldn't download some of the puzzles I liked. I don't know if they didn't want to pay the puzzle creator what he wanted for his puzzles or what. Hopefully they will get it worked out soon.
The best crossword app I've found so far for Android.  Free daily puzzle downloads mean you always have new content.  But ever since I updated to 4.3, I can't play anymore! The moment I try to open a puzzle, it force-closes.  Am I the only one with the issue?  Stock Android 4.3 on Nexus 4.
As a subscriber of the NYT Premium Crossword Puzzles, and a fan of rebus puzzles, I am disappointed each time a Thursday puzzle comes up that just so happens to be a rebus.  Looks like I'll have to switch over to Crosswords by Stand Alone Inc.
As many others have stated, it has stopped downloading some puzzles (people magazine)
Latest update a step backwards. Will not zoom beyond GS4 screen size. Will not download Scheffer and Joseph's crosswords. GUI looks better, BUT app is now worse.
The app has stopped working...it will download puzzles...but the app itself won't open...even after uninstalling and reinstalling...any suggestions
Loved this app very helpful but now it doesn't download all of the puzzles listed. Need help
I like the sheffer and joseph puzzles the best and I can no longer get them. I loved this app. Now I am thinking about uninstalling. Please fix this and change my mind.
So very, very disappointed that all puzzles no longer download. Hoping it is resolved soon. This was a 5 star app before...
I used this app for a long time but now it no longer opens. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still doesn't work.
Simple, no frills, works great.
No longer downloads joseph or scheffer puzzles. Since about two weeks ago.
This is the most-used app on my phone. Lots of sources available, with plenty of ways to set up input how you like.
Great. New puzzles every day. Good interface
Love it.  Great entertainment.
I love this app, but the system has stopped downloading joseph and scheffer puzzles. Any reason why?
Where did Sheffer and Joseph go? Why doesn't the app download it anymore!
Won't even let open the app use to work fine before updating.
It was only one I could complete. It got me to go to harder and bigger ones but never complete others. Bring back Josephs!!!
I love this app!  Not downloading sheffer or Joseph  puzzles. When fixed will 5 star again.
I have been using this app for almost two years. It gives me my morning fix with coffee. Unfortunately Thomas Joseph and sheffers  do not download daily anymore. Will rate five stars once that is corrected.
This app is great but lately I haven't been able to download some of the puzzles. Specifically the Joseph and sheffer ones.
Suddenly stopped working.  Now only downloads three puzzles.  What happened?  Was five star, now worthless.  Appears to no longer be supported.
Where did sheffer puzzles go? Won't download them now on my galaxy s3.
Since last week I cannot download Joseph or Scheffer puzzles, and they're my favorites. What gives..?
As others have stated, app suddenly stopped downloading certain puzzles. Options are limited now making this app sucky..
Hassle free app. Never a problem.
Great app until a week ago. If you haven't already done so, please send a debug report via the menu in the app to let the developer know about the issue and state a much relevant info as you can.
Love this pocket stack of crosswords. Just enough settings to make navigation match the way you think. Makes me happy.
Love it
As of 7/3/2013 will not download all of the daily puzzles I have checked in settings. Will also not download some of the weekly puzzles checked in settings . Have used this app for quite some time and I have never had this problem before. Please fix if possible. Would give 5 stars but only 3 since this latest problem.
As of a few days ago this app excludes many of my favorite puzzles. Review went from a 5 to a 1 because of the limited puzzle options. I am going to uninstall if this doesn't change. Definitely do not recommend this to anyone because there are other free crossword apps that give you more puzzles.
I love the app, but right now it's having issues where it zooms out whenever it wants. Pls fix!
I've used this app for a long time and recently it stopped downloading my puzzles. What happened? I love this app!!
The app was closing down after an update.  Now it it working again. Good crossword app.
This was a great app until the zoom bug creeped in. However, it is open source and another developer had forked out a version that fixes it: Words With Crosses.
HTC EVO LTE
Where's the daily sheffer and Joseph puzzles???? Only getting 3 puzzles a day now.sucks..is this a app flaw? If not and you just don't offer em no more, gotta dump the app.been playing everyday for 2+ years but there are other FREE that offer more.
This is, without a doubt, the best crossword app on the market. The only problem is that, as of today, Sheffer & Joseph puzzles stopped downloading and, for a few months now, Newsday stopped downloading. This limits the daily downloads (on most days) to Universal, LA Times and USA Today. 3 puzzles is great, but what happened to the rest..?
Great app. Worked well with last two HTC phones. I got my new phone yesterday and I can only get three puzzles to download. The ones that I really enjoy, Joseph and Sheffer, will no longer download. Other than that, it's a  great app.
It downloads the puzzles every day. Good keyboard and options.
It flipps over to horizontal orientation waaaaayyyy to easily and zooms all the way out. Very annoying. I can't get the clues to move to the next numerical clue like it used to. Less annoying but still annoying. Otherwise excellent app!!!
Great app, easy to use and a good time waster.
Love it!! It's my favorite app!!
Fantastic.
I love this app except this new update makes the error hints not work. :(
Am unable no turn off hint highlighting whatever I do ... not remotely challenging if the hints are turned on
Wish there wouldn't be less and less puzzles! Seems like its getting to be less and less maintained.
I have used this app for about a year and now all of a sudden it will not open.  I am addicted to crosswords and this app was my favorite until yesterday
I like that you can download puzzles daily, but I have an issue with my galaxy s3 where the board gets distorted when I try to navigate from clue to clue. It gets annoying, but at least it it's a lot faster now to exit the puzzle and come back in.
Yum
The best app in the entire store
I love the great selection of puzzles, but if I accidentally turn my S4 sideways to landscape mode it shrinks the puzzle and going back to portrait doesn't resize it. Hard to then resize it. Fix that and I'll give it 5 stars.
I just got a new HTC with boost mobile and the puzzles won't work anymore.
Can no longer launch the app normally.  It immediately crashes every time I click the icon, but the puzzles still download and if I click the notification for a puzzle it will launch. Also zoom bug is annoying
Rave! I open it everyday!
Crashes upon starting the application, every time.
It's fallen out of support though! No more newsday :-( bugs still persistent etc
The developer seems to have abandoned it and many of the crosswords no longer download (Newsday, Washington Post, etc.).
Absolutely the best app I own. I have it on all my devices.
Great, simple app for crosswords but the most recent update causes the app to crash and not be able to be opened. Also has had some zoom issues in the past
Used to be great now all it does is crash on opening.  HTC phone on 4.0.4
Would love this if I could check my answers.  There is a place on menu but it is not highlighted so I can't click on it. Please fix or advise.
Really loved this app before but all of a sudden it stated crashing & will no longer let me even open the app! Please fix!
Worked great for a long time, then suddenly refuses to launch.  Razor Maxx
Great app, wonderful interface. I love it. But does anyone know how to get the NY Times puzzles to download? It used to, but hasn't for the past few months...
Simply Awesome!
Newsday puzzles, including the Saturday stumpers, stopped downloading recently.  I don't know if the developer is still keeping this app up to date, but would be curious to know what's happening.
I don't know if it's my phone or the app, but I haven't been able to open the app lately. So, I just uninstalled it and am downloading it again to see if it'll work this time. I hope it does!
But what happened to the news day x words
It wont show me when a answer is wrong I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still wont work other than that I love this app
I play daily with no bugs and enjoy solving the puzzles.
What happened to the Newsday puzzles!?!
Love this app Never without a puzzle. To solve the problem of the minimizing puzzle, close the app and clear the RAM in the task manager
Loved this app for a long time. But now it crashes on every start up and I refuse to believe my rooting (and flashing of a custom rom) had anything to do with it (no problems with any other app). This has been my go-to time waster on my commute but now it won't even start (though interestingly the puzzles will still start to download in the background). I tried installing various older versions of the app found online but they each return the same result. Out of curiosity, I installed the app on my 4.2.2 (rooted) Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, and despite a few crashes at the beginning the app works fine. There's really no other crossword app that compares to this so I'm really hoping the developer can find a fix for this. 4/5 stars for the long-time service and enjoyment it has provided me up until recently. I'm sure this will be fixed eventually, anyway :)
ALL major crosswords WITH the answers EVERYDAY?  and FREE? cray. App is flawless
Disappointed that my favorite puzzles aren't loading anymore.  What happened to Newsday?  It's was there last week, now it's gone!
Keeps zooming out when I tap the screen! Ain't nobody got eyes for that! Please fix! :)
I'm addicted to this application. Without a doubt the most used app on my device.
Great app! Tons of sources that actually have difficult puzzles.  And the show errors means I actually finish the really difficult ones. :-)
I love this app and use it just about everyday, but it seems the amount of puzzles is getting smaller. I used to get a notification if a certain puzzle was no longer available. Would be nice if we could be made aware of these changes when they happen.
Have zoom issue on Acer A500 Tab. Lost access to Newsday puzzles as of May 5, 2013 Puzzle selection constantly dwindles.
Miss this app on my iPhone
I loved this up on my old phone until I had to uninstall it due to memory issues. I immediately got it again when I got a new phone. Now some of my favorite weekly puzzles won't download (ink well, onion av club, etc.) I understand that the onion av club puzzle may no longer be available, but if that's the case it should be removed as an option on the app!
With the latest update, the app does nothing more than immediately crash on my Motorola Electrify M (jelly bean).  Even tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail.  Super depressing since this is one of my favorites.  =(
Love this app.
Almost unusable for Samsung GS3. Touching the screen to enter a letter makes the puzzle zoom out so you can't read the puzzle. I use this daily and now I'm sad...
I just want to say that you did a great job on this app. I've had it for over a year and have never had an issue. Thank you so much for writing it and sharing it with the world!
This app works perfectly on my Droid Pro. I love it.
This was my favorite app until it broke. Clicking anywhere just zooms out so I cant see anything now.
After a removal and reinstall (on a brand new phone) it is finally back to being my favorite game app.  Still sometimes glitches on the zoom, requiring a restart to get out of, but other than that it's excellent!
Love this app. Definitely tops all the free crossword apps I've tried. But only gets 4 stars because it periodically goes into a state of nonresponse and will not work at all. I have uninstalled 3 times today alone. But it still isn't working :(
Best crossword app.
I've had this app for a couple of months was working perfectly until maybe 2 weeks ago. Whenever I try to open the app I get the message. Shortyz has stopped working then crashes
One of my favorite apps. Free with no ads, and the well designed interface always works well. Auto download feature is handy as well.
Was, IMHO, the best crossword app available. But after sending several crash reports for force close with no fix, I'm deleting.
I can't play it anymore, it automatically zooms out :(
Used to be tolerable despite constant issues with zooming out unexpectedly, now out has decided there is insufficient storage space on my USB drive (which has 2GB free.) Here's hoping I find a better crossword app  :-(
Really, good. Love the variety and automatic downloads. Would be 5 stars if the clues indicated multi-word answers, i.e. 9 might actually be 3, 6 or 2, 1,6,etc.
Exactly what you want in a puzzle program. Great settings for novice users and great access to puzzles.
Great crossword app nice crosswords. Interface is tricky but still good.
This is my favorite app...like ever. I absolutely love it!
I've tried other cw apps and so far,this is the best1!
It hasn't been updated in almost a year so I'm not surprised. But it crashes immediately when opened on my Nexus 4 and TF201.
It just works.
App has crashed every time I've opened it since yesterday.  Reboots and clearing cache do not help.  App had been great till yesterday.  Sent a few crash reports.
Just got a Samsung GS3 and whenever I press a key in the puzzle, the back button in the top left gets highlighted & I can no longer use enter to move to the next clue. I love doing crosswords but I guess I will have to wait for the next update to see if it gets fixed before I play again.
This is a great app for crosswords, but I constantly get an issue where the crossword board zooms out to the point where it's unreadable.  If I zoom in, any button tap will zoom it out right away.
Of course, every app has its faults... as does this one. But the little things, such as the zooming in of the screen, can be overlooked. The main issur I've had with this app is the zoom, and size of the board. If you accidentally zoom in on the board it can be a bit difficult to get it back to the default size. But thats my only real complaint! Otherwise, I  love it!
This app used to be my everyday time-killer. But since I've installed the latest update, it force closes on me every single time I open it, without fail. I've tried turning off auto downloads, as well as auto updates, but nothing seems to help. Please fix my favorite app!!!
Crashes when I open the app. HTC one s with latest os. My favourite app, but can't use anymore. Tried reinstalling as well, but no luck
As soon as I enter a letter the puzzle shrinks into the top left hand corner of the screen. If I double tap to zoom it shrinks again on typing first letter. Unusable...VERY frustrating
I loved this game at first, then after an update it takes forever to load new puzzles. Used to take a few moments to start loading new ones now takes 5 or more minutes to even access the game. Will say please wait while new games are being load and you can't even go to any old ones while you wait.
Best crossword app. Never had any issues, dev really must love what he does.
Used to be good, but crashes when scrolling in puzzle selection screen since last update many months ago (on Motorola Xoom).  Also could be improved by making next entry jump to an EMPTY cell when a word is completed.
Perfect.
I love this app, but since I switched to the HTC one V it won't work because the phone doesn't use an SD card. SO sad!
Update Mar26-2013: puzzle downloads are faster (yay!) But now it randomly zooms out on puzzles, I zoom in but every key triggers it to zoom out again (boo!). I am officially addicted to this app. I play a puzzle on my commute everyday. Provides good selection of puzzles daily to choose from.
Constantly zooms to smallest screen with every tap on my Samsung Galaxy S2.  Can only be reset by restarting phone.  Causes phone to freeze.  Uninstalled.
All free puzzles updated daily and a feature-rich interface.
I keep it on my phone and tablet no matter what. Great way to pass the time on the bus.
On my Captivate this game was great but on my Xperia it keeps on adding the letter P onto blanks and causing problems even completing boards. Still getting Ps randomly. Any updates coming?
By far the best crossword game out there for android. I've been  a very contempt user of this game for the better part if the last three years and have never had an issue.
Have no luck whatsoever with getting New York Times on this.  I've been routed several times to the NY Times web site, which I already have a subscription for.  It seems impossible to get this application to hook into that subscription.  It only offers the button "subscribe", but not logon or use subscription.  In essence you're screwed on the NYT.
I love the puzzles but as of today I am forced to do the puzzles zoomed out. This makes reading the puzzle very difficult. When fixed I will give 5 stars.
Played once and now it crashes on launch.
I can't even start this app.  I have tried numerous ideas, which helped slightly, but now the app doesn't open at all.
I love that this is free, but it only downloads a few puzzles from the entire list, and they all seem to be in the easy-moderate range.  A tip, since I was annoyed for a while: on my phone, the "search" hard key advances to the next clue
Love it!! But every time i delete a puzzle it takes me back to the top
Love it
Great little app
Not opening after last update
Various crosswords including the one from my local paper. Works as expected
it is a great app for crosswords and i love it..it fetches crosswords some good sources... but it crashes often on puzzle auto download when some crossword changes something.. and this hasnt been fixed for ages..invalid crosswords should be handled properly..
Luv this app. Hours of fun, and it keeps your brain sharp.  Excellent!
I don't always review apps, but when I do, they're awesome!!! $hortys is absolutey fantastic.
This used to be my favorite app until the last update. Now any time I click to begin answering a clue it zooms out so small it can't be played. Please fix, uninstalling until then
Cannot play due to zoom bug
I hate to complain about a free app, but I am so disappointed in what was once a great app.  The zoom will not work properly, even after installing and reinstalling.  Plus, I use to like the wrong letter hint (the wrong letter turned color), but it's gone now.  I'm not going to reinstall this.
Great for passing the time :)
It's tough to figure out the zoom when the puzzle shrinks or you turn your phone sideways. Otherwise I love having a few good crosswords everyday.
Back when i had a phone with a key pad, this was the only game i played, but this big is a show stopper. Please fix!
I used this application everyday on my old Moto Droid 2; but the app doesn't work correctly on the Galaxy S 2 that I just upgraded to (zoom broken and clues disappear when I pull the keyboard out). Hope this gets fixed.
First app I install on any new android device.  Amazingly functional and free!! Keep up the good work dev.
I use this occasionally, but it has an annoying habit of freezing up for a second every ten secs or so, thinking I had done a long press when I hadn't. So I'm constantly having to wait for a sec or two all the time. Otherwise I like it.
For some reason the New York Times Classic is ALWAYS the same puzzle...
I cannot even see the puzzles thus i cannot do them.what a ripoff! I'm very disappointed in you .how do you enlarge them? i read others complaints so
Would be much better if it would stop auto-zooming out to the point of being unusable. This is extremely annoying.
Unfortunately this app has become unusable recently due to an issue with the zoom function.  It will not stay zoomed in when working on a puzzle. Moving the cursor will reset the zoom, making the text too small. Please fix the zoom!
What happened?? I get a screen that says it can't find my SD card and then requests a donation
Only criticism is clues very small and hard to read on Galaxy Tab  screen.  Have had on phone for over 12 months with no problems.
Everything works well.  Great time killer waiting for appointments, or on breaks.  A few hiccups here and there that don't prevent me from using the app.
This is a great crossword with plenty of puzzles each day and options on how to play the game!!
App zooms all the way out from time to time, making it impossible to read, and can't be zoomed back in until the phone is restarted.
Same issue as previous comment: problems with zoom feature.
I like this free app
After filling in a couple answers, the puzzle for some reason resizes itself to the smallest size and it will not stay big after that. I'm not trying to ruin my eyes for your free app. HTC Vivid. If I could use the app, I'd be stoked....
Only occasionally functions; most often it crashes.
app crashes every time its set to sort by source. have to clear cache and data to restore access or remove/reinstall app. minor annoyance, but otherwise a good app.
Love this bad boy - downloads huge numbers of new crosswords every day, and runs like a champ. My only complaint would be that some of the preferences are not clearly explained, and some of them don't take effect until you exit the app and go back in again (such as changing the behaviour after you reach the end of a word)
Love it...
like some people have said below i have to keep uninstalling and installing the program because the zoom gets stuck zoomed all the way out.  love it otherwise though, with all of its customizable settings and im addicted to crosswords now because of it
I wish you could manually download some puzzles wthout adding to the auto download list.
Great way to pass the time. Highly recommend.
Endless supply of puzzles. Hours of fun.
I can't gush enough about this app. There's one minor bug that doesn't affect play.
This app would be PERFECT if only it did NOT have a "Please Wait..." delay 3 to 4 minutes every time run!
Loved this app, but now the puzzles are constantly zooming out. Fix this asap please!!
One of the best app I ever have on my phone
How did i live without them?  Fantastic app-- i am now among the oboe, epee, edam adoring elite.
Hands down #1 crossword app. The interface is so simple my mother picked it up in minutes. The input is fluid and the menu provides everything I wanted. You can control what sources you get puzzles from and puzzle completion statistics. I have never been more satisfied with an app and it was free!
Too bad about the zoom problem.
Awesome
Love it
Love the puzzles.  However always zoomed out makes it too hard too see clues and letters.  Also orientation will not fix at portrait.
Works fine until the puzzle shrinks to where you can hardly see it. WTH?
Best crossword ap ever. Five stars for sure.....but please fix the zoom bug! I have had to uninstall and reinstall countless times now because the puzzles become too small to view
The zoom feature is the only downside to this app. It really needs to be fixed. Constantly zooms out so you are unable to see the letters you have typed in. Very annoying. Love the app but I cannot deal with this. Moving on to another one.
The first phone I installed this crossword app on had problems-- the grid would shrink when it was not supposed to, and the only cure was to reload to when that happened.  Once I upgraded to a Samsung Note, no more trouble-- except that a couple of individual puzzles did not work properly, or the wrong grid would appear for a given puzzle... otherwise it's provided countless hours of rich, stimulating intellectual challenge.  Thank you ever so much!
When I try to scroll down it stops and closes. Reported it twice but still not fixed.
I really like how you can download new content every day direct from newspapers. There seems to be a bug with the way it zooms sometimes, and I wish there were more options for the cleanup.
Upgraded phone to a droid4 and getting quirky behavior I didn't used to. Once I use my keyboard, Enter doesn't take me to the next word but highlights the icon on the upper-left.
I read about an odd zoom issue before I downloaded the app. ...the app is awesome. UNTIL... I experienced the issue. Ugh. It makes the app unusable. Bummed
Yeah, there are a couple of things that make this app tedious. But overall it's great!
love this app. Thanks for providing it free. Use it every day.
This app is great! It runs smoothly, has no ads, and has every feature that i need.
I was excited about having several crosswords to choose from, but found out that any time I tried to move to a new word area, the puzzle shrank to a quarter of my screen. Very annoying!
Perfect for crossword lovers!
Now when I tap on the puzzle anywhere it gets small. Even after I zoom in on it!
Lovely.
Outstanding ap
Awesome puzzles, but the pink boxes are VERY discouraging. Who cares if I didn't get that word right on the first try?
Settings broken
this app really quenched my crosswords needs. daily crosswords are a plus! great app! doesnt work with jellybean update tho. continues to crash. will download again if fixed!
Good selection of different crosswords
This app continually crashes when trying to scroll down to access a puzzle from a previous day.
Except a few minor bugs like screen skewing sometimes it works pretty well. Good database of puzzles. Does not cost a dime. My wife and I solve together and love it.
One of the best crossword apps I've ever used. The only problem I've encountered is that sometimes the clues I fill in stop getting saved and everytime I exit the app, all the filled slots wipe off clean n I have to start over. Do fix the problem please
Let me use my own .puz files please, would give 5 stars.
I love this App. I use it daily. I have tried others and they just don't work as well as this app does. You can't go wrong with this one.
I thought this app was perfect until People stopped downloading. Also, why is People never available when you try to download it from different dates?
At least, best I've found. Huge number of sources and easy to use.
I can't believe this is FREE - THANK YOU SHORTYZ! Puzzles 4 all levels of crossworder's & LOTS 2 choose from! I do @ LEAST 1 a day (but usually many more). The ONLY thing I would change, but it's not a huge deal, would be what the other raters mentioned; an easier way to move around puzzle. But that small issue certainly hasn't taken away from my enjoyment in the least. I rarely rate apps but I just had 2 share my joy & thankfulness 4 this one. I tell everyone I know 2 upload this app! Awesome
Great app but since I upgraded my phone to the galaxy s3, I've been having multiple issues with the zoom. Every time I try to zoom in, it actually zooms out. I have to restart the app just to get it to work right.
App work fine for several uses on my Photon Q. Now the puzzle is tiny- cant get the zoom function to work or figure out other ways to solve the issue. It's not worth playing until this is fixed. Just a guess but it's probably the slide-out keyboard that's the issue. Devs may want to start looking there. Other than that, it's a decent app- free crosswords (though the first one I started didnt have the solution).
Works on Samsung epic as well as asus transformer infinity. Thanks for finally adding tablet support.
The NY Times "Classic" is the same puzzle every week.  Very, very annoying.
Great!
I love crosswords and this gives you all the best! If you enjoy crosswords you will love this!
Great app. Works flawlessly.
I have had this app forever and absolutely love it; however, every now and then it fails to launch and I have to wait a few days to see if it works again.  I have had this happen several times over the course of using it.  I'm hoping this issue can be remedied soon because I do enjoy using this app.
Shortz
This app sucks it gets stuck in the notification bar this guy sucks take it off stupid
For a day or two, works well; then begins dropping answers when phone is rotated or program is closed.  Reinstall fixes for a day or two only.
Have also seen the shrinking puzzle issue. Enjoyed thoroughly prior to app becoming unusable. Wipes and reloads not resolving issue. Please fix. This is a five star program not getting the attention it deserves.
Puzzles randomly zoomed way out and I tried everything to zoom back in, but to no avail. This made the app literally unplayable. If this were fixed though, this would be a great app.
It has some very serious zoom in issues that I'm sure the most inept intern could reprogram.  Double tap zoom is broken and if the program is left for whatever reason.. it comes back way to small to use.  Galaxy s3.
Its formatting doesn't work with my s3.. don't know why. Every time I go to a different word it minimizes to a tiny size. So  frustrating! Delete!
The subject says it all. The app eventually gets into a mode where it will randomly resize itself rendering itself unusable.
Just started this morning...Galaxy SIII - click on a line, entire program zooms out.  Hit back/just does funky things.  Can't make it stay "big".  Help?
I absolutely love this app. I love that you can download that days puzzles whenever you want and then do them later offline. I'm sad now because I just switched to iPhone and this app is not available! You need to make your app available for iPhone users! This is the best crossword puzzle app! All the ones for iPhone make you PURCHASE the puzzles!! Hate that! PleasepleasePLEASE make your app available for iPhone!
This is probably the best app I tried. All is just perfect, each detail, each concept. My only sorrow is that, not beeing an English native speaker, I will never be able to fully enjoy the huge potential of the app. Crosswording in a foreign language it's not easy,
Excellent
Love this app.
Love doing my crosswords while I listen to my daily podcasts. Thanks dev!
Uninstalled, but the puzzles kept downloading, with no way to stop it. This is using up unnecessary data.
Great way to kill time.
No longer works. Force closes when trying to open.
Unfortunately, this app now no longer works. Have reinstalled it a bunch of times but the problem remains- before the app even opens it crashes and i get a ''Shortyz has stopped working'' message. It's been like this now for over 4 months. :_(
No good if you do not know much about the country.
so great!
Loved this app on my old phone but now on my Galaxy S3 it keeps getting skewed and the puzzles are unplayable. Sometimes it happens every time I type anything. I have to close the puzzle and reopen it. Other than that great crossword app!
Great app. Some of the crosswords tend to be rather US- centric, still mostly very good.
Works great. Life changer for those of us who love crosswords and have significant down times in our lives.
Pure crossword awesomeness. Highly recommended.
The best traditional crosswords app, bar none. Look no further.
I love this app and use it every day! My only problems are the new York times classic puzzle (it's been the same for me every week) and the sometimes wonky sizing. And I'm gonna miss the AV club, but that's not your fault :)
Loved this game, now difficult to play due to zooming out on its own, setting changes don't fix it.
nice layout but it isn't general knowledge, i did not understand most of them
This app was terrific while i was on 3.0 but has serious display issues on JB. it will randomly redisplay with everything twisted at a 45 angle at frequent intervals.  now frustrating and unusable.
My letters that I enter won't save anymore!! This is the first time this has happened. This is my favorite app!! Please fix it!!
Love this app. Good variety of puzzles, and (for the most part) easy to use.
The Best of the Best
Please fix the people's
I now get the occasional zoom problem that others have described, where the puzzle shrinks to an unreadable size  whenever you enter a letter. I've found no alternative to uninstalling and reinstalling. It's such a wonderful app that it's worth doing this from time to time. But it would be so nice if it got fixed!
Mostly works amazingly though very suddenly every button I hit shrinks the puzzle to its smallest; making it basically too small to play and there is no stretching it out.  Offer me some troubleshooting options or fix this and you'll get your stars back.
I love this app....I never leave reviews but I had to this time. Definatly give it a try!! :-)
This was my favorite app...had it for years. But now it won't load.  Please address.
Great app all around!
Good selection of daily puzzles, easy to use. Perfect!
Great app. Love the variety of puzzles. Easy to control and type.
Agree with others . Worked good til update?  Now so small can't see. Good otherwise.  Please fix.
I would rate it higher, but every time I touch the screen it zooms so far out that it is impossible to read.  Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1
great app but there's some issue with the zoom.  can't touch the puzzle to move from clue to clue, it just keeps making the puzzle incredibly small.    app needs an update. like for real.
This was my fave app but then after an update, it would no longer highlight wrong ketters and just keep going, even after setting the option. So if I type ytx for a clue, wud show as rite. Also, washington post doesnt download anymore. Please fix! :)
I loved this app, but lately it's buggy and the view (nearly impossible to make larger) is skewed. Upset because I've had this app since my last phone and loved it. Sadly, I think I have to uninstall.
Awesome
I'm hugely addicted to these crosswords.
Only problem is that there are now zoom issues. I can deal with then for the most part, except for the fact that the clues no longer display on screen. Perhaps its because I updated my phone to ics (htc mt4gs), though.
Waiting for your wife to try on 20 pairs of shoes?   Need a diversion?   This is the best crossword game out there with unlimited free downloads of crossword.   How can anyone write negative comments?   This game is perfect.
No longer fits to screen, highlights mistakes, etc... Was my favorite most usef app.
Great on my tablet, but doesn't work worth a dick on my GS3. Interface is horrible on phones.
I've downloaded and paid for a lot of crossword apps for various PDAs and smartphones. Shortyz does a great job and kebernet stays on top of new developments. It was already a good app on an Android phone, but on the XOOM tablet, it's a beaut. The download feature makes getting my daily fix a breeze. Great Job!
Obviously the best crossword app for ios or android but has unexpectedly stopped working. Bug fix please?
Easily my favorite app that I have installed. Not a day goes by that I don't spend time in it.
This app is awesome. Easy to open and go straight to playing. The only real issue I have is a major one because it basically makes the puzzles unplayable. Randomly the puzzles will decide to shrink to their smallest size on the screen and despite many attempts to return them to a visible size, they insist on shrinking back down when I try to enter a letter. Please fix this error, it looks like people have been complaining about this for a while.
It was amazing, after the update you can't use it the cross word map is 1 inch by 1 inch please fix!!!!!
Its Awesome !! Its the best crossword puzzle app in the market..Cheers !!
All the big puzzles, even from days ago. I think my productivity at work just plummeted.
Love the app but the zooming issues are horrible! All of a sudden my crossword is so small I can't see anything and I can't get it to zoom in. Please fix!
Loved the app until the last update.  The zooming issues are killing me!
Easily the best cross word app on any platform ever
I love being able to download archived puzzles from a variety of sources. I have to be careful, though--it can occupy me for hours.  If you love crossword puzzles, I recommend giving this app a shot.
What is the deal with the screen not zooming in?
I can't believe this is a free app and you get access to some many crossword puzzles!
the availability of crosswords and ffeatures make this one of the best free crossword as apps. problem its the screen automatically zooms out when I move my phone, then is difficult to get it to zoom back in. I'm using a Galaxy S3
I have a Samsung g s3. Love the selection of xwords but the app sometimes shrinks the xword every time I type a letter.  Too small to see. I am uninstalling.
Because of an Android crash, I had to re-download and -install Shortyz.  I'd been using it for over a year, and LOVED it.  However, the new version doesn't follow the Setup option regarding "hints" (meaning turning wrong letters red).  It doesn't any more.  Before, I would have given it a 5; now, 3 is the highest I can do.  Oh - and I've also uninstalled it.
This is in my top 5 of apps I use the most.  Gotta have it.
I love this app. My one complaint is that I haven't been able to download the NY Times puzzles over the last couple of weeks. Before that, they downloaded fine. I noticed the NY Times crosswords website has been redesigned, so I wonder if the crossword download URL has been moved or something.
11/16/2012 Still waiting for response on Merle Reagle puzzle..  got to take it down to 2 stars :(         Droid Razor  Great app, but not completely stable.     Never was into crosswords until this app came along. :)    Lately Merle Reagle (Philadelphia Inquirer) puzzles are very sketchy to download and disappear after just a day or two. Favorite puzzle- Please fix!  J
Best Crosswords App
Love this app!
not bad, passes the time.
Great app.  However you do need to speak American as the clues are set for USA.
What happened to showing incorrect letters playing on android
It is really boring
I've tried *many* crossword apps, both on iOS and Android platforms. This is the best of the best, and it's even free! It beats Standalone Crosswords' $10 app by a mile as well from both stability and customization standpoints.  Excellent app, and has replaced all of my other crossword apps. I don't even do crosswords on my iPad any more, as this is a superior app on Android.
On my ET4G. But works great on my kindle fire. Would be 5 stars if I could use it on my phone too. Uninstalled.
Does exactly what you'd think and does it well.
I used to love this app but it stopped downloading new puzzles. I can't get it to start back up. Samsung Galaxy SII.
Good but the game auto rooms out constantly. Tried changing various settings but to mo avail. This became frustrating to the point that I uninstalled.
Best time-passer out there. Great interface for speedy entry.
No more Boston Globe? Or Washington Post? Or Philadelphia Inquirer?  Very disappointed last few months.  What's a 'large-sized' lover to do?
Great, great, great! New puzzles everyday and an easy interface.
Was searching for replmnt prog, planning to delete my fav ap re. pnk blocks.Then I see there is an updt. Keeping for now. If not broke dnt fix it. Thx
What's more, it's fun.
Hours of fun and brain exercise at the same time... I've been addicted for years!
Does not work for the Nexus S with JellyBean. Just force closes.
The best crossword app by far.
Use it almost every night.  Easy to use in every way, and fun.
This used to be my favorite app, but now I can only download Newsday and the L.A. Times puzzles. Don't understand why and there doesn't seem to be any help.
Never had a problem with this app in over a year. It's good for begginers that are looking to gain knowledge because of its ability to reveal a single letter to a complete word if you are stuck.
I love the app, but there is one really annoying glitch. Every time I use the letter "i", the next letter I press will come up as another "i" before inserting the letter that was intended. For example if I tried to type the word "will", it would come up as " w i i l". This doesn't happen when I type in any other app, or when I used this app on my old phone.
The platform itself, as a way to download, render, solve, and save crossword puzzle files, is great. However, if only a few bug fixes were made it would be totally awesome:  1) Arrow keys and space bar don't work as expected on Asus Transformer keyboard.  2) Corrupt puzzle files cause the app to crash when scrolling down the stored puzzle files.  Fix these and it will rock!!!
Best crossword app on android bar none
Great if your an American not so good for anyone outside of the USA though as Americans spell everything differently
The zoom gets stuck and the puzzle becomes too small to see!
It is a good crossword puzzle app but it has some UI related issues that keep it from being great.
Just wish it would auto select next free letter
Why does this problem keep coming back?!   Every time I press a letter, the puzzle shrinks so small I can't read it.  5 stars when working, but only 1 when not.
I have used this app in the past and loved it, but on my S3 I have encountered the shrinking puzzle that others mention and it makes it unplayable. This is the first time I've even rated an app, because I want them to know I'd rate it a 5 if it worked again. For now, I'm uninstalling.
Great app! I've recommended it to several friends. Hardly any complaints except, what happened to the Washington post puzzles? I haven't been able to access them for months!
It's the best, most convenient crossword puzzler on Play. Plus, it's open-source.
Always liked this app..
Far as I can tell, this is the only crossword app for android that let's you subscribe to .puz files from different sources (Onion AV club or NY times, for example). The only huge drawback is not being able to enter special characters, numbers, or multiple letters. Makes some puzzles impossible to do on this app.
Fantastic app, always works for me. However, some puzzles include numerals in the answers but it won't allow me to enter them even with native keyboard enabled. Would really appreciate a fix for this.
It has taken to resizing very small in the corner. No matter what, it won't resize. Even tried reinstalling. Please fix.
thank u
It would be a 5 if my bluetooth keyboard worked with the puzzles.
I loved this app until it quit allowing me to download new puzzles. The clean up doesn't work and now puzzles no longer load when I start the app or manually download them. It also no longer saves progress if I take a break in the middle of a puzzle. When this is fixed it will be a 5 star.
The best crossword app ever, since dinosaurs walked
Great app!
Enough said.
Over the last couple years I have yet to find an app that compares.
Was excellent when it worked, but now constantly crashes on launch or when scrolling through list of puzzles, even after full wipe/reinstall. Virtually unplayable; desperately needs some attention.
There should be some setting option to choose default zoom level.   And then some clearly defined way to zoom in and out.
Does exactly what it says. Me likey.
Update this!  More than one person has said this app has an issue on JB.  Fix it so us on JB can enjoy it again.  I used this app DAILY and now I can't.
My favorite  app!
The first version of this app worked perfectly.  Since I had to reset my ASUS tablet I downloaded what I thought was the same app.  This one has many problems.  Too many to list.
The program worked fine, but now I am on jelly bean and it crashes immediately after opening. A forced close. I can't play this app anymore.
Great app, rendered useless at times due to the view getting skewed. Please fix! This app will be 5 stars all day long once this is fixed.
Love this app. Really helps when im stressed and is very fun!
I used to love this app.  Now I'm sick of the constant repeat puzzles.
Now, says downloading, but no new puzzles show up.
World great love it
Automatically downloads new crosswords for you to do
About 5-10 minutes into the puzzle, the puzzle zooms out and i cant read it. I zoom back in, but it goes out after clicking the puzzle. The problem corrects after uninstalling/reinstalling, but resurfaces before i can finish my first puzzle. Uninstalling for good. (On Samsung Galaxy S III)
If I tilt it sideways I have to uninstall when reinstall in order to get the crossword back to normal size.
Up to date crosswords,  plenty of variety,  never lags or freezes! *hugs* to the developers!!!
This is by far the best crossword app out there. I'm newly addicted to crossword puzzles but this definitely has helped me get much better. Hopefully I'll finish a NY Times puzzle one day! NY Times offers archived puzzles that you can download on their website...can these be imported to Shortyz???
Was great
Zoom issues have been going on for a while now. I don't want to give up on the app but I'm getting very annoyed by the shrinking screen in the middle of my game!
Who'd give it a 5 star but a few bugs need to be fixed, favorite puzzle!
If you like doing crosswords in the newspaper while riding the NY Subway, this is a great app for your phone or ipad. I always think I will run out of puzzles to do but they always have new ones to download everyday. Simple, easy to use. Very sedomly has minor kinks, like a puzzle not syncing all the way but I will deal with it because this app is awesome.
Used to love this app, but now as soon as I try to open it, it just force closes on me.  This happens every single time now.
Best crossword app I've played yet
Great app but has some issues.  For some reason the larger format puzzles stopped downloading and NY Times Classic puzzle has been the same puzzle for the last 3 weeks in a row.  I'm not sure whether those are app or puzzle provider issues.
but now the puzzle keeps zooming out.
Good selection
Awesome app, and I use it all the time. But lately, on certain puzzles, when I use the arrow keys on he nexus keyboard, the puzzle gets skewed and I have to back out and restart. Fix for 5 stars.
Awesome
Do not install
All these are American. Thus sucks. I am not American. Useless.
If u like crosswords this is the app to get. Gets u new crosswords daily from a variety of great sources
Most annoying; problem continues to occur after reinstalling app. Really enjoyed the puzzle variety!
Please fix the zoom issues. Other than that, great app.
This is a great app. It works well and has a wide variety of daily puzzles available for free.
It was great until they updated it and ruined it with the zooming issue. Please fix it!
For me, this is the best in structure.  But I have not used it for months because the puzzles I like don't download.  If the Washington Post doesn't download, then remove it from the list.  Just a kindness for your users.
... I also have the zoom issue. I cannot play it on my Galaxy 3 because each time I click on the puzzle, it zooms out and becomes illegible. Can't figure out how to fix it.
Had this app on my old phone and it was Great!  Now on my new galaxy S3 I can't get it to stay full-size.  Can't read thumb nail.  Have reinstalled but same issue.  Am I missing something?  Can't locate/access my "default" settings either.  Is it me or this .  app?
Will no longer download (either manually or automatically) puzzles from over half of the available sources. Very annoying. HTC EVO.
...is how long I have been using this app and it is still the best game app on my phone...thanks! HTC Thunderbolt
Used to be my favorite app, but now all I get is a stopped message. It never starts up. Very disappointing.
Fun addictive and a great way to waste some time. BUT would be 5 star review if the puzzle from People magazine was not incorrect from the moment you download. That is the ONLY negative about this app.
The best crossword app for free!
I'm not very good at crossword puzzles so I need some help. This app allows me to take a peek at the answers. I and it's a great way to improve my skills. I am getting better! I love Shortyz.
Awesome, and except no zoom when my galaxy s3 is held sideways
Best crossword app for android hands down and its free! Can't beat it!
On my galaxy nexus I get a weird bug where the whole puzzle slants 45 to the right. Makes things unclickable. It's unfortunate because I used to love solving puzzles on my morning train ride.
Easy to use and downloads of the NYTimes, latimes and wash post crosswords all in one spot. Yes!
Swype Beta keyboard I installed on my Galaxy S3 doesn't work and the other keyboard options don't have an enter button to go to the next clue. Even with the default keyboard on sometimes back button in the top left highlights and the enter button gets stuck and won't go to the next clue.
Fonts are sooo small on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet. I can read the fonts if I have the tablet pretty close, but it makes enjoying the game with the family a challenge.  We absolutely love this app and use it daily.
One of the best free apps out there!! For any crossword lover!
Puzzle size changes at random when opening a puzzle.  No word advance on Galaxy S3.
I like this one
This was one of my favorite apps but the zoom has completely ruined it! Please fix it!
Lines calls for I, _______ (will Smith) and it claims that the answer is Robet, not Robot. Smh... Uninstall asap.
Lately it's been taking too long for all the puzzles to load and until all of then do, I can't access any of them on the list. Bummer. 2 stars until that changes. Galaxy X
I loved this crossword, but now I cant play it because it keeps saying it has stopped, i have tried restarting phone and reinstalling it and nothing works
Love this up used it all the time on my comet, got a samsung exhibit and it wont download the washington post, everything else is fine any way to fix?
This app worked well and i loved it. Made the mistake of updating it and now it doesnt work good anymore. Keeps zooming out for no reason and wont zoom back in. Very frustrating. Had to uninstall. Very bummed
Before getting my current phone I would have rated this higher. On the RAZR M the keyboard background color is off and produces a white on light grey keyboard, very hard to see. Email the dev over a week ago but haven't gotten any response.
This was a great program till the last update. Now it won't complete Xwords, won't download new ones, and won't archive or clean up. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app to get it to work. So updating review to four stars because it's mostly an excellent app.
Washington post stopped though and that was my favorite.  I as Suspect that's not the fault of the app though.
I love love love this app but now it says please wait for about a minute then says shortyz has stopped :/
Used to be good but with the Droid update, doesn't seem to work anymore (puzzle shrinks, hard to move between clues, loss of puzzle name at top, no more Washington Post)
no problems if you ask me... greAt time killer... and i never get tired of it bc of the updates!!! awesomely awesome... lol...
Love it!
Best crossword app!
No longer works on Nexus S Jelly Bean :(
I've been using this app for quite a while without problems, but recently it has started skewing the puzzles on a diagonal in the middle of a game. If I close and reopen, it is straight, but then goes diagonal again after about a minute. It started right after I upgraded to Jelly Bean, perhaps it's a compatibility issue? Galaxy Nexus
Washington Post stopped downloading.
A lot of the settings don't work. Too bad or it would be a great app
I love this app. My only issue is the zoom problem. Otherwise, great for puzzlers of all different levels
Latest update broke landscape-with-keyboard mode with T-Mobile G2 (HTC Vision) on ICS-- clues don't appear anymore! Portrait mode w/soft keyboard seems fine though.
I struggled too much
Great app until the puzzles started zooming out at any tap of the screen, and no matter how much I mess with the settings I can't fix it. So frustrating, awesome crossword app otherwise.
Like the app a lot but the zoom is an issue. When downloading puzzles from previous weeks its a major issue because the days months years will act like they lag but they never catch up. I think it'd be nice if we could select our favorite puzzles and be able to select two dates and be able to download all of those puzzles instead of doing it manually. Lastly, its STUCK on downloading one puzzle! I have turned my phone off, etc..  its still stuck!
Can't beat it for crosswords
Love this app and have it installed on my Atrix 2 phone as well as my Nexus 7 tab.  The puzzles are great and the app itself is pretty no nonsense.  My only quibble (and the only reason I gave it four stars) is due to the constant flickering I experience when playing on the tablet version.  It sadly makes the game unplayable.  Thank goodness my phone version works perfectly!
Keeps trying to download puzzles even after i uninstalled. Will kill your battery quick like that. Would give 0 stars if it let me.
Gives me my crossword fix whenever i want. Large variety of papers to choose from with puzzle downloads as an option.
Sony Tablet S  Great selection of daily puzzles that automatically update, but app keeps resizing the puzzle board each and every time I move to a new square, shrinking it to the top left of the screen.  Practically unusable in this state so hopefully future updates will address this bug.
Tons of fun, I enjoy it immensely. But People's puzzle doesn't work correctly. Fix that & you'll get the 5th star!
Never crashes, has great puzzles and I like that you can check for errors or turn that function off.
This was the best puzzle app on the market until one day it refused to open, even after reinstalling several times. One month later, still nothing  Goodbye forever.
Loved this app and played almost daily but I cant even open it lately. When I do, I have to shut down my whole phone because just hitting the force close button doesn't work. Uninstalling. Will try back later to see if they got all the kinks worked out.
Nexus s user here...ever since my phone upgraded to jellybean this app no longer works. Says it stopped working :( I loved this app too and other ones out there suck
Except that downloading of Washington post puzzles has recently ceased functioning.  I can download anything else but them! It's strange, but still a great app!
Droid x2
The zooming in and out is VERY frustrating, otherwise a cool app.
This app is amazing. I can't believe it gives me all these p puzzles daily. A total must have.
I would recommend this app to any crossword lover. Really easy to use, lots of new puzzles every day. And it's free!
Alas, another Nexus S user experiencing forced closing on startup. Used to play everyday!
Fun puzzles, no direct way of switching from horizontal to vertical wotds... That I've seen so far anyway.
Now my phone won't stop downloading puzzles even after I deleted/removed the app. Hate this app
It is great in terms of updating puzzles everyday and value for a free app. However, the error and zoom functions need to be drastically improved as they screw up quite often resulting in me giving up on the app more often than not
By far my favorite app. Nothing better. Net let's me down. Never sucks.
Sooo mango puzzles, so little time
I have had to reinstall 5 times. After 3 or so puzzles I complete the puzzle shrinks to tiny every time I touch the screen....please help or fix.
I too had the sizing problem mentioned by Sarah. I have uninstalled now and will reinstall once this is fixed.  SPH-D710
It drains my battery even when I'm not using it. Also, "people" is malfunctioning.
Great!
Was working perfect until today,  now the puzzles shrink down to the size of a quarter.
Incredible S
Appears to working great. Love the variety of puzzles.
The zoom feature still doesn't work.  It makes the app unusable.  I'm using a galaxy S II
Easy to use, stable, several new puzzles per day.
ever since i upgraded to ics, the interface is garbage. no zoom, and the puzzles are tiny. it's almost impossible to see the clues.
Wish there was an easier way to delete the archive
Sometimes having an older version of Android is a good thing. Not having any of the problems I'm reading about here, thankfully, except that the Washington Post puzzle doesn't DL anymore as a few have also reported.
New puzzles everyday for free!!
I've had this app for years on other phones but I am also having the zooming problem and it has made it almost unplayable. Going to have look elsewhere.
I used this app everyday. now it force closes everytime
Suddenly started shrinking the puzzle grid whenever you click on it.  I have a 7" Galaxy tab with ICS.  Please fix or I will be forced to delete it.
Ever since WaPo changed their online crossword UI, Shortyz hasn't been downloading their crosswords for me. Still an amazing app, but please update for WaPo crosswords! Thanks.
I've happily used this program for years, but now I can't download new puzzles. Since I got my new phone and installed the app it downloaded a batch of games that day but now it does nothing when I click download, no matter what date I pick. HTC one s.
I love this app. I use it pretty much every day on my commute. However, recently the Washington Post puzzles stopped downloading. Did something change?
Didn't know this was so great! Daily and weekly GOOD puzzles, updated as often as you like! If you like crosswords, this APP is a must!
I hate that overtime I try to enter a word it minimises the puzzle to a half inch by half inch puzzle
I like the app, but it wants to zoom way out anytime I tap on the puzzle.
Where did the Washington Post puzzle go? I love this app, but really miss my WaPost puzzle! Can you bring it back please? Otherwise, great app!
Still top of its class, no question.
Used to use this app non stop. Now it crashes as soon as I try to open it. Have reinstalled repeatedly but it keeps crashing. #fail
My favorite game. But where did Washington Post puzzles go? I have a subscription (if they have changed their policy), but that's not indicated in settings.
This used to be one of my favourite apps on Samsung Note. But now the grid has shrunk to about a third the size of the screen so it's unplayable. Please fix.
Great variety of puzzles. Love this app.
Chicago Trib puzzle and all!!
Love it, come at me werdz.
Best crossword app
Loved it, but the hints no longer work. Doesn't matter if I turn on the pink boxes or not, it simply doesn't work :(
A perfect app for the crossword puzzle fan.
By far my FAVORITE! If you like crosswords you will love this app. To the developer, thank you!!!
Love this app, and the creator is always quick to fix issues, so be patient if there's a bug! Love that it's so customizable too. But for some reason, my favorite puzzle won't download: Washington Post, where ARE you?!
Sometimes the errors do not show in all puzzles.
I'm having to force downloads instead of automatic like its set on. And where's the Washington post puzzle now??
What happened to Washington post though?
Sort by source = force close at each startup. App completely unusable even after reinstall. Best crossword app for 2+ years, but has been broken for weeks now. 5* once this is fixed.
Woo so fun yall
Some update or something made it stop working completely. Before that, 5 stars.
Love how you can download new puzzles everyday. I play whenever i get quiet time.
Used to use this app so much but since jellybean update has had numerous issues (skewed puzzle for one) and now doesn't even start so had to uninstall completely.
Love it
Best crossword app I've found. Does a weird shake sometimes on nexus 7 but no big deal. Wish I could choose my favorite crosswords for auto download rather than all of them but again not a big deal. Keep up the great work!
There are a lot puzzles, easy to use and easy  to edit preferences.
Love ittt
Best crossword app I have found.  Kinda wish it didn't automatically download puzzles when I open it, but that's nit-picky.
Boston globe puzzles don't load. Setting don't change when toggled. But great puzzle power!
Rotate the screen and the zoomable grid becomes as small as possible and can't be reenlarged until you exit the puzzle. Change the orientation enough times and you can't zoom at all anymore. Otherwise, a winner
I have never bothered to review an app before, but I felt compelled to review this one.  You are seriously missing out if you do not have this!  Works great without flaws, downloads many well known crosswords on a daily basis, and has many play options.
Saying goodbye. This used to be a great app, but now it sucks. Still force closing. I cant even scroll down to earlier and not started puzzles without it crashing. I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app and got the same response. Reported this on the crash feedback and got no response from the developer.      (Earlier review follows)  Was a five star, now a two due to the constant force close/crash. Very annoying. Please fix or sadly I will have to say good bye.
Easy to download free puzzles!
Updates daily, great selection, easy interface! Best on the market!
Can't say enough about how great this app is.
Do not use if english or you don't live in America.
This is the best crossword game/app out there, hands down. With that said, however, a couple more features are sorely missed.  1. The ability to synchronize puzzles and settings across multiple devices using your gmail account. This, I think, is a MUST.  2. The option to customize the location of each part of the puzzle. For example, crossword on bottom, clues on top. Or crossword on top, clues on bottom, single clue only. Just being able to customize the UI to suit each user's desire would be awesome!
Essentail app on my phone but most recent updates zoom issues make it unuseable
Used to love this app but the zoom issues are killing me! Please fix!!!!!
Completely stopped working on my Nexus S, jellybean. Closes as soon as I open.
Great but sometimes it freezes up and zoom gets funky.  Droid 2 Global
Great
Force closes when downloading "jonesin" puzzles (which are my favorite) . 5 stars if fixed.
...most recent update with jellybean causes text to skew, infuriating and unplayable like this. Hoping next update resolves this issue because I'm getting withdrawals!
I LOVE this app!!!
I've been hooked on crossword puzzles since I was a kid. Shortyz gives me my puzzle fix every day.
It gives good crossword puzzles with solutions daily, and offers cryptic crosswords (less functional but still a nice addition). Bug free, and easy to use
I would like this app if the grid didn't keep shrinking in the middle of completing puzzles. The grid keeps shrinking so small that I can't read it and the only way to get the grid back to full screen is to uninstall and reinstall the app until it happens again...I have uninstalled for good now
Love this app.
It's really hard to see the letters and box numbers with my old eyes!  Otherwise this is a fantastic app!
The zoom feature doesn't work so well any more.  No matter what I try it will always return back to being fully zoomed out. So frustrating cuz now the text is to small to see.  Loved the app until the latest update, when the zooming issue began
Just what I was looking for.
Always works very well.
Fun app. Highly recommend.
Will not let me toggle automatic downloads. I don't want to download 10+ crosswords. I only do 1 a day. Irritated that its taking up my extremely limited space.
Love it!
I love this but recently whenever I touch the screen, the puzzle shrinks to very small size...help!
Utter love!  This is the best crossword app out there!
Love this app. Out of nowhere tho, everything I open a puzzle the screen zooms in and out whenever I touch it. Going to uninstall and try again.
I am obsessed with this app.  Use it almost daily.
Doesn't work on jellybean just says "unfortunatly app has stopped"
Superb
Doesn't launch on Jelly Bean.
Is a great apparently but please fix the zoom and sizing issues...to hard to read with my eyes and constantly fighting to zoom and resize.
Nice time killer app. Still has zooming issues and problems with People magazine puzzles.
Great app! A pleasure to use. I love that the dev took time to add in-app explanations of app functions and rationale, and maintain a detailed change log. Feature set is perfect (at least for me).
Great job for a one man dev team... Your work is highly appreciated
Could not live without this!
What's with the zoom issue all of a sudden?  The app was awesome but suddenly I can't make the puzzle stay full screen for anything. I can't stand trying to play on a puzzle that isn't even a quarter of the size of my phone screen. Please fix this!
This is the crossword app I'm willing to pay for.  Latest update made puzzle shrink uncontrollably but reinstalling fixed it.
Awesome! Crosswords for everyone.
Fortunately, after reinstalling the app worked great.....for one game! The, back to the postage stamp sized puzzle. Last update was the game killer. Sorry
Download the puzzle using Chrome. Then open the download app and click on the .puz file. That should do it.
Its installing everything and anythung
It was awesome until it stopped working.
Love it!
This has been my favorite puzzle app for awhile. The minor issues it had did not affect play. Unfortunately, I just installed the latest update. The new interface sucks.  Moving the clues to the bottom of the page takes up puzzle space. Watching the letters show up as I type is extremely distracting. I looked for an option to put the clues back where they were, but couldn't find one. If that is changed I will use the app again.
Very nice on MotoDroid. Good array of puzzles and features. Customer support is excellent. Seems destined to be the prime android crossword app.
Have been enjoying app for months.   Having same trouble others have noted with new york times (have subscription).  Any ideas on how to remedy this?
This is a great crossword puzzle app, keep up the great work!
Overall, I really like this app. It does download several puzzles a day, but there are options to change that in the settings menu.  I am also having the zoom issue after I tilt the phone. I have to click the back button on my phone over and over until the app finally closes. Restarting the app usually makes that issue stop, however when it does happen it is genuinely annoying.  Still, it's a great free app.
Thanks for fixing the flicker issue. Now the app is perfect! If you still get flicker, try force restarting the app or restarting your phone/tablet
Zoom issues just make it frustrating. It used to be great...but suddenly every time I touch the screen it zooms to unusable tiny size. Please fix! Then 5 stars.
Good time killer.
Downloaded a bunch of random crap on my phone.
I love this app!
I couldn't figure out any of the words! I'm 23! My dad which is 58 couldn't do it either!
Works ok most of the time
Great app for crossword fans!
This is by far the best cross word puzzle app out there.  I just wish it was available for my ipad too. I have tried a lot of ipad crossword apps and end up deleting all of them.  Please come to Ipad I would pay to have you on my ipad!
Love it
The Best.
Since the new update when I tap on a clue the puzzle gets small and when choose to fit to screen it won't stay. I can't do the puzzle if I can't see it.
Last update makes less room for puzzle grid by showing more clues at one time. Liked it better before. Options for viewing would be great. Also can't download nytimes even with paid subscription.
Great app! Enough puzzles updated daily to keep you busy. Must have if you like crosswords.
I've been using this app for a couple of years now and it's great! New puzzles all the time, and you can easily download from the archives. My one request is a "next clue" button for jelly bean, like the magnifying glass on my nexus s.
I just completed my first puzzle then asked it to show what I'd gotten wrong. It marked the whole puzzle. So I asked it to reveal the right answers and it was all gibberish. I'm not sure if it was set to another language or what. Very disappointing
Easy to hard puzzles every day. I look forward to the new downloads daily.
If you love crossword puzzles, then you'll love this. Thanks for the app.
This is all I ever play on my phone. Perfect.
The best crossword application  ever!!
It doesn't zoom anymore.  Please fix, then I'll give 5 stars
Spend hours playing at work.
This does not run on my stock Nexus Galaxy with Jellybean. As soon as I launch it, it dies.
This is the best app ever. I love crosswords and I can do a dozen a day. I just can't believe it's free
Best crossword app
Best app ever!!!
Incredible
The best out there
Love it
Great App !!
Love the puzzles, but if you don't touch the phone for a minute, or it changes as the phone moves, the inputted words disappear. The hell?
Great Crossword game
Im from UK so it is hard to understand  Im a clever person but not when its all american
Great app but has quit twice now and had to be removed. :-(
Easily the best crossword app I've tried for Android, and the best part is that it pulls in daily crosswords from other sources so you never run out.
Couldn't ask for more
Awesome app! Keep up the good work!
Been using for years now and it just gets better and better.
When the app first launches it isn't downloading or installing spyware. Those are the crossword puzzles being downloaded from a number of places all at once. Calm down. That said, I can't get this to run anymore on my rooted and ROMd Galaxy Nexus. Which is a shame.
Started playing awhile back and loved it. The one day the puzzles shrunk and could get the size back to normal. Uninstalled.
It would be amazing if it did not install things on its own, i looked at my phone and i had an entire list of things being installed.
I have had to unistall and reinstall a couple of times because of a weird resizing bug. Great app otherwise. Please fix.
My favorite app. Great puzzles -- new ones constantly following. I'm hooked. Thanks Robert Cooper! >It's awesome<
Finally I found the one app that could help me understand people who are always on their phones! Now I'm addicted too!
Great!!!
The most recent update completely killed it with the zooming issues.  I'm not giving up hope, just hoping for the next update to fix it.  As it sits now it's currently unplayable with this issue.  Prior to this update it was hands down the best crossword app on the market.  One star since the last update, but before that a easy 5.
Have tried others. Never do so again. This is the best!
Cannot download NY Times puzzles even WITH a subscriptions. WTF?
I've been using this app for several months now and have never had a problem with it. Fast working app with quick downloads of new crosswords, easy cleanup and can even tailor which publications you want your crosswords from.
Interface is intuitive and I am glad of all the different options for crossword providers.
The author of the app has put a lot of effort into ironing out bugs on all devices, and he continues to improve it.  The app itself is well-built and will download several new puzzles every day, of a variety of difficulty levels. No setup required!
I love the main app but am currently frustrated by the zoom issue.  Didn't have spam issues as one reviewer reported.  Just a great variety of puzzles each day.  Please fix zoom.
This used to be a really great app but with the recent updates it just doesn't work well anymore.
This is the best crossword app out there and the most addictive. There are so many puzzles to enjoy. It allows the not so smart, like me, help solve the puzzles and gain knowledge at the same time. It's Awesome!
Loaded to the teeth with spamware. Loaded all sorts of things upon first launch. Avoid this "game"!
Great app. I've never had an issue with it. Thanks, dev, for all the hard work!
Even better than any of the payed crossword puzzle apps. Amazing how this app pulls puzzles from the major papers DAILY.
Zoom issues continue to be a problem. The puzzle starts out in a fit-to-screen setting and doesn't always hold the zoom if you try to enlarge the puzzle. In fact, when you are in a zoom and try to select a word, it zooms out and throws the puzzle up into the left corner of the screen only showing the bottom right quarter of the puzzle. What's worse is you can't move the puzzle once this happens. This is very annoying and needs to be fixed.
I am a crossword addict and I always was dragging a book of them around whenever I went away , now I have them on my phone and I can do them wherever I am...bravo and thank you!!!!! Sincerely, Joe
Works well on my HTC EVO Shift.
Love this app. Never had a problem with it.  Enjoy all the options.
A must for those that like crosswords.
A well coded piece of software. Easy to use and great time killer.
Why can  I no longer download newsday? Frustrated... :<
Works great on Android.
I love this game! The game is so addicting!
Very good interface &  selection of puzzles but has frozen on my Galaxy S3 several times in middle of a puzzle. Grid lines go from sharp to wide and I can't move around the grid. Can only input on current word. Can toggle between grid & clues but still can't move around grid. Eventually gone add back to normal. Exit & return doesn't help.
Great crossword app!!!
But needs an update for jellybean...getting a crazy skewed screen randomly...update introduces download bug...horrible now fitness 7, please fix asap as the app is now unusable
Great job, tons of fun.
I want the old version back. I do not like the new layout. Updates should make things better not worse. If nothing else give us the option to change back or something.
Great selection, easy to navigate, clues are available (word or letter)they even give your time to complete.For the crossword puzzle purist this app is a gem!
Zoom functions quit working on droid 1. Got stuck on too-large zoom and it won't zoom back out. Really hosed.
I love shortyz and hope this is a temporary problem~ I just unboxed my nexus 7. I can not download new york times crosswords on it even though I am a premium crosswords subscriber and they are downloading on my other devices.  This is my first look at the jellybean update, and I prefer the clues at the top of the screen like in 3.1.5.
Works great!
I am adding my voice to the chorus regarding NYT puzzles no longer downloading.  I am another NYT subscriber who has been using this app for well over a year.  For some reason, I can no longer download the NYT puzzles.  Please fix what used to be a truly great app!  (Previous rating was 5 stars.)  Amendment:  I think I wrongly blamed Shortyz; change seems to be with the NYT.  Restoring 5 star rating.
Usually very satisfied, and I appreciate the removal of the heinous title bar. However, I'm frustrated both with the current lack of NYT puzzles and the fact that the snap to current word feature seems to have stopped functioning.
Poorly made app, way to touchy
Useful when on long bus rides.
Great app for all crossword lovers.
Great app with lots of free puzzles...but suddenly no longer downloads my NYTimes subscribed crosswords!!!  What happened?!
The best
I've been using this app for over a year, and all of a sudden, the NYT Crossword doesn't load. It says that it's downloading, but it doesn't actually load it onto the list. It's a great app, but this is a major problem.
I don't need other clues except 'current selected' clue. Please bring older version interface back. Otherwise I'am going to use another app...
Love this app. Play it everyday.
The app has taken over, and now I don't buy any newspapers because I have no reason to.
Great!
Much fun, never crashes.
It doesn't feed the NYT crosswords anymore!! I am a subscriber and have inputted my name and password. It worked at 1st but not anymore. Please fix!
Hope you see this since your email is overwhelming. I was afraid I would have to live with that intrusive blue info line but you put it back the way it was. Thank you!! Now back to 5*. By far the best crossword app. Can't get through a day without my crossword timeout.
Best cross word app ever! Wish it would come to apple so I can play on my ipad also
Best crossword game that I've found.
Some hard some medium
Thank you, Robert.  This is a great App.  It has made me a better crossword puzzler.
Works like a charm.
Was my all-time faviorite. Used it many hours a day, but now too awkward - it's useless! Please bring back clues at top with large puzzle area as before. I really miss this app. Will update back to 5 starsvwhen fixed. Gtab
Great app.  No problems found.  Like that it downloads several different levels daily.   Easy ones for a quick fix and others that make you think.
Its co0l
I really like tbis....its big, clear and easy to use
Uninstall all other crossword apps because you won't need them. So complete it satisfies any crossword junkie.
I used this app daily until the update but now the puzzle will not stay full screen.
Just downloaded app & really like it but was frustrated initially trying to figure out how to change direction from Across to Down.  Was about to give up on it & uninstall when I accidentally  stumbled on the solution to the problem.  So now I love it but needs some detailed instructions which I was unable to find.  Please fix for other new users.  Thank you!   Mary
Love this game - great support - great for those times when u have a few mins to kill
Would love more sources, but this is great so far.
Best crossword app on android hands down.
I was never a crossword puzzle person but I'm always trying new apps so I tried this one and now I'm hooked...and it exercises my brain.
The app is excellent, I have absolutely no complaints at all. The only downside is that since the app is free, I can't find a single place to donate!
I made the mistake of updating it. Now a sitracting blue bar shows up at the top of the puzzles. Other than this, it is great
The previous version was sooooo much better when the clues were on the top!  i think im gonna have to delete
Some have US terms that are hard if you are not american but they are still cool to do.
Droid3  Great app for you if you love this crossword puzzles.
Wow! Robert should be vaulted to our shoulders and paraded thru Times Sqr! He calls this 'a labor of love' - imagine if he focused on world hunger!!
I use this app more than anything else on my phone, and have never had any sort of trouble. Functional, stable, intuitive, and just plain rad. Can't believe this amazing program is still free. If you do crosswords, you would be silly to choose another app.
I love Shortyz Crosswords! Its the only app i use everyday. However, after the latest update, interface doesn't look good on the Samsung Galaxy Tab. Makes me wish I didn't update at all. Please fix, I liked the old interface just fine.
Rockin Pete
Well the latest update has buggered the app for Galaxy Note users....the clues across the top have disappeared. Otherwise it's great....apart from Yank spelling in the crosswords  ;-)
Droid Razr ICS, latest update makes puzzle zoom way out whenever I tap anything. Double-tapping will zoom back in normally, but any tap after will zoom right back out. Puzzle is illegible, please fix.
Thanks Shortyz!!!
Love this app. By far the best crossword puzzle app out there. I wish I could get it on my iPad.
Love this app!
Love this ap. Use it nearly every day. New fun puzzles daily and easy to understand design. One of my faves. Excellent job
Great app... Exactly what i was looking for.
Lots of sources, easy navigation, couldnt be happier with this app. I use it daily.
I agree with "awful" comment.  I usr samsing galaxy small tablet.  It is impossible to do the puzzles now that the clues can't follow the portrait orientation on my tabley.  This really is too bad.
Awesome app
Can't get enough! These are fabulous! Thanks for such a great collection!
Makes the screen go fuzzy sometimes while entering letters.  Not enough to remove, but still a pain.
Outstanding app - works on just about any android device, great ui and very well supported. Can't ask for more!
Fantastic!
Rocks!
The best, easy to use, I love it.
The best free CW puzzle I've seen so far. Ups: Several Sources for CWs each day. Downs: Down clues do not follow your across inputs. Clue navigation in general is not smooth requiring a drag motion only or on-screen up/down/left/right arrows.
Please bring back clues in the top bar for the other 3 stars. I love this app, but can't use it until you update this.
First of all this works great as a crossword aggregator and i use it often.  I have two complaints:  1) I don't like the fact that I  Get dinged for the wrong letter when i fat-finger the wrong letter.  2) The navigation from clue to clue is terrible.  I   can adjust the navigation settings but i have yet to find a setting that works.
I like to be able to do the lastest  crosswords anywhere anytime!!!
The best
Love this app. Fun and easy to use.
By far the best.  I love it! I wish it worked on kindle fire so my mom could use it too!
Count me among the disappointed users who can no longer download certain puzzles as it seems each day one disappears from the list.  Among my favorites:  Universal, People & now USA Today have all been dropped.  Still a great app as long as there are other puzzles to do, but am hoping for an update.  Edit:  Thanks for the update!
Flawless app.  Unlimited  crosswords.
Best crossword app I've come across.
Was using this on my droid RAZR and wanted it on my nexus 7. Was buggy but still playable. Now its awesome!!! Keep up the phenomenal work!!
So good!
I love this appi!  Ive been using this for the last couple of years.  I have not had any problems with it.  Every day there are lots of new crosswords for all levels.  There have been some updates although i never thought it really required them. The only appi i still use regularly for entertainment. Thanks!
So far, I LOVE this app.
My most favorite puzzle source. Love it!!!!!
Thanks for the jb fix!
I like it
Im addicted to it
Works great on both phone and tablet. Just a fantastic implementation. If you enjoy crosswords, you owe it to yourself to install this app and try it out.
Latest update fixed all my issues with Nexus 7 and uses the tablet style portrait view which is great!
Best crossword app
Awesome!
The best! Hours of fun. My daily goto app!
Nuff said!
Quite a few of the listed puzzles no longer download. It would be better if the puzzle urls were exposed. Unfortunately, it has been 7 months since the last update, and the dev site link no longer works either. Sad to see it go.
Great app. Have been using it for years. But recently just stopped dling NYT crosswords for which i have a subscription. Also stopped adding boston globe. Very annoying. Have tried uninstall/reinstall, reboot. Nothing seems to work. Help! Need my times xword!
It was working fine and I liked the variety - but then somehow the puzzle would shrink whenever I touched a cell and I could not get it to stop.
Been using for awhile. Great app. Only thing that would make it for enjoyable is if I wasn't terrible at crosswords.
None of the other apps come even close! Offers best selection and gives user the most control. Universal and Washington Post are my favorites!
This is an absolutely awesome app for all crossword lovers!
I dunno if its just a JB problem, but this app is seriously buggy. If you have hardware acceleration on, the whole puzzle skews 45 degrees to the right as soon as you press anything. With it off, the puzzle are tiny  (about 1/4 of the available space). Would also be nice to have an option to use the system keyboard
Sux dont waste ur time
Tried them all and nothing comes close to this. So simple and clean but does everything.
The best crossword app, period.
My favorite ones are not being downloaded at all making this app pretty useless. Please fix it I really loved this app on my other device
Needs an update
Shortyz crossword
Great puzzles, for free, updated daily automatically! What's not to love!
Great app design, great content.
On my Nexus 7 I am only able to download a three of the crosswords. I miss being able to do Universal Crosswords... please fix!
Still the best around
I love crossword puzzles and tried numerous apps. Some good, some bad, but none as feature filled and easy to use as this fantastic app. Be aware I upgraded to jelly bean today and have begun having an issue with the grid screen skewing to where the app is unusable but a restart or using the clue list allows me to continue using app.  Truly worthy of the 5 stars.
Greatest crossword app there is. wish the name wasn't shorts though haha.
No longer downloads all the puzzles since upgrade to 4.1.
Ive tried finding a better one but always end up right back at shortyz
I love this version! Some are hard and some are easy! New ones daily, and you can get ones from way back!
Fun even for the novice crossword enthusiast. I've never been able to figure out all the newspaper puzzles, but with shortyz, I can. It's fun, helpful, and will keep you trying to solve even the hardest ones later in the week.
There are a lot, and I mean a lot of crappy crossword apps out there.  This is really the *only* one I have ever liked and it is very good for many reasons the least of which is that you can download from a number of great sources (USA Today is my favorite),  This is probably one of my most used apps and a candidate for my personal apps Hall of Fame.  I loved it so much that I made a backup of the APK and side loaded it my Kindle Fire, now I have an even better way to do crosswords every day and using this on a tablet brings a whole new enjoyment level. Thanks guys for developing this wonderful program.  We are not worthy!
Really fun
<3 5STARS
It keeps crashing every time I open it.
Favorite app
Love the variety!
I love doing crosswords during my lunch breaks. Thanks to shortyz, I don't have to bring a big book! My only complaint: sometimes when selecting a square, the zoom spazzes out, making the whole puzzle black. A long tap to reset zoom fixes it, but not until after it calms down.
For some reason, after I fill in a word, it jumps down instead of naturally to the right.  It takes several taps to get back where I want to be and several more to get it in the correct direction and on the correct square.  Also, clues involving current texting abbreviations are ridiculous.
I used to love this app but now it force closes when I try to open it!
I absolutely love this app. I play this on my Galaxy S III and Xoom. I have playing this app for what has probably been a year now and unfortunately can still not download or find the corrections for People Magazine. This is really unfortunate as it usually trends to be my favorite. Joseph's is close second tho. I hope to see People magazine fixed someday, as that would make this app 5 stars.
I really like this app, but I wish there was a way to turn off the "beep" sound that happens anytime you press a letter. It's pretty annoying. And it's kinda dumb that that's not even an option, to have it turned off.. but that's my only complaint, so good job.
If only it let you use numbers or put multiple letters in one box (which show up occasionally in NYT puzzles).
Love the app, it's one of the few apps I use every day. Thanks
Doesnt update anymore.
Best app for crosswords free or paid!
Awesome
It was my train companion before upgrading to ICS on Samsung Galaxy S2. Doesn't scroll much anymore if in full screen mode.
Great app. Wide range of puzzles available for all tastes. Very easy to use!
The white letters on the white keyboard are hard to see. I'm still addicted to the app, though. Trifocal Guy
This game wouldn't open on my Android smartphone. DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS GAME!!
Best crossword app
Works again after a day of crashing. Love this app !
great app!
This is, by far, the best crossword app I have ever found on the Google Play Store. Anytime that I have had issues in-app, I emailed the author and received a fix back within the hour. Absolutely phenomenal. Would recommend for any and all crossword enthusiasts. The large range of sources to choose from for downloads just adds to the enjoyment.
Gives lots of crosswords. Never have had any problem with it.Deserves 5 stars!
Can't get new puzzles after update
Worked great on my atrix 4g. Pretty glitch on galaxy s3
Can't ask for more.
Small sized app, reliable, fun!
This is probably my favorite and most used app...THANKS :)
Awesome
THIS APP SUCKS! IT DOESN'T OPEN AND FROZE MY PHONE
Love the large access to crosswords. Now that I've been using this app for a while, I can narrow down the crosswords to download. This app also doesnt take up too much space and it can be set to auto-delete old puzzles. Wish there was a 'next clue' arrow to scroll through clues easily.  I'm on a Samsung Galaxy S2 Epic Touch.
Excellent!
One of my favorite apps. Simple, and does exactly what it says. Occasional resizing issues, but that's a minor irritation.
The app is not working properly. You can enter any letter in any boxes and it won't be marked as an error.
I really like this app. It works well, offers a nice variety of sources, and is easy to use.
Keeps freaking force closing for 1 week now. Fix. Fix. Fix. DROIDX 2.
Fun but I'd love a hyperlink to a dictionary on some of this stuff.  At least I can feel less guilt about "playing" when I'm learning.  :-)
Love it-great app! Runs great on my EVO 4G...no issues
Why doesnt the Boston globe Sunday puzzle download anymore?
great game
One of my favorites!
Easy to use and fun to play. It always gives me something to do.
Love it
Best crossword app EVER. Been using this one for two years. I download this app before ALL others. My husband says I spend more time with it than him. Lol... Love it!
Puzzle keeps shrinking
HTC amaze - pink/red box hints dont work.  Yes i checked the settings
I love playing crosswords and now I have all of my favorite ones every day!!
Love doing these daily puzzles! Great selection!
love it
I liked this app until I tried to open it one day after I downloaded it.  The app wouldn't open and just showed a black screen.  It didn't fix even when I uninstalled and reinstalled it.
App stopped working on Droid.
Love this App. All the big daily crosswords. Never a problem.
But these crosswords were written for people who remember the 50s.
Gs
Awesome selection
Massive input errors
Only seems to allow USA  sources and how on earth do you change to downward clues?
Used for most of last year .worked great until about Jan - Feb of this year then quit.   HTC Incredible
Wonderful app. Use it all the time.
Love it
Great for number of puzzles, but the puzzle would zoom out whenever i rotated the screen. After a while it would zoom out whenever i touched the puzzle.  I tried to set the default to screen width but it dint work. The doomed out puzzle is too small to see, so i just deleted the app.
Easy to use and get new puzzles. Only downfall is archive settings.
Enjoy playing these puzzles. Various difficulty levels and themes. Fun.
I love this app.
I have used shortyz for two years almost now to do my favorite crosswords, but since the last update and reinstalling the settings no longer work. I cannot get highlighted clues, I cannot turn off download notifications and puzzles download automatically no matter what. Very disappointed that an almost prefer app has gone to the dogs....
This has become a favorite for me. It's good word fun and I have yet to have any issues whatsoever. Also, it's free! (Epic 4G)
Excellent selection, works great.
Great app but the puzzles are getting too easy lol J:
Awesome ap
Great game, simple interface, options let me set up the game exactly how I want to play. Love the ability to turn off auto rotate
I use this everyday. Great app!
A little annoying that it wants to download dozens of crosswords at every start up. I'd rather DL  on demand.
Awesome ...
Great app!!!
Love it. Except puzzle grid shrinks. Have to uninstall app and reinstall.
Great app. I've got new crosswords at my fingertips any time I need them! Just perfect.
I love this app.  Have been having some trouble with my galaxy note adding the letter p after every letter i entered.  Never had this problem on other phones...  Will uninstall and reinstall.
Love it!!
Awesome app
Spent many hours enjoying this one.
Doesnt even open for me keeps force closing if that's fixed will try it again maybe rate higher .
Not a deal-breaker, but why does it always say I used 70-somethin clues, whether they're turned on or not? Still my favorite time passer :)
I was using Crosswords on my iOs device, but when I made the switch to Android, I didn't want to buy the game again. Shortyz is better, and FREE.
I used to love this app, but now it won't even open. Keeps force closing. Sad to say, I'm uninstalling it. :(
I love this game. It would  be a big improvement if  we knew how many words in the answers. Then it would be 5 stars!!
just downloaded. great time killer a little addictive. just don't know why people magazine won't show errors or just disappear after i delete it. the same people mag puzzle keeps coming back with a red line. how do i make it go away?
I love this. Gets me through time when im on journeys or waiting rooms. My only issue is the lack of UK crosswords, everything on here is American.
What a fantastic AP!  Works great and it's FREE!!! No ads at all! Really great!
Leaves you with a bunch if puzzles,downloaded that you don't need downloaded.  Uninstalling
Really cool app
So many options, tons of new puzzles everyday. Great app!
Easy to use even if the puzzles aren't easy to do.
This app was the best! But now it won't even open on my samsung stratosphere, what gives?
Thank you thank you thank you! iPad only lets me buy puzzles I've never heard of. I spend SO MUCH TIME for free on this app. The only teensy gripe is I can't get it to post my time on FB. I use a Sharp IS03 (Japanese model.)
This is the best crossword puzzle app i have found, but it's also the best app on my droid. Clean, fast, easy to use, GREAT puzzles, AND NO ADDS. AMAZING!
The best crossword game I have ever played! love all the options :) wonderful!!
Everything you could ask for in a crossword app, and it's free. Although it's worth paying for.  Tons and tons of puzzles. Need more? Just select a date from 365 days a year and it will download any puzzle each of its 14 sources had published on that particular date. What's really amazing is that you can select any date going all the way back to 1970! I haven't tested it yet so I don't know how far back you can actually get puzzles from, but even if it's a few years, that's more puzzles than anyone could probably do in a lifetime.
Nice but buggy. Zoom doesn't work properly
The crossword keeps showing up really small... it worked fine for a while but now its all messed up....
Was great til the app suddenly froze like hell on the phone now the app is no longer useable.
I don't say this lightly, this is a greatly written crossword app. And it's free to boot. Great job all around and would recommend highly. The options are boggling.
Always works, never fails or glitches :-)
Won't open on Droid incredible2.
I did the LA Times crossword daily at school, now I can get it at home on my tablet. Works great too.
Good mixture of crosswords, not too many cryptic which is good for me. However, would like to see one or two British papers on there. Good game though!
This is a must have for any xword fan...Still cannot believe it's free!!!
Keeps me entertained at work!! Works good
Need the option of no stars. Viral. Started all kind odf crazy downloads. Don't do it!
Love it!
Couldn't get it to open ever.
Great interface, runs smoothly, it's a pleasure to use.
I would like to see better support for the cryptic crosswords.
Nvm should've read down. Love the app. Only crossword puzzle I've played thats better is the one that comes with the nooks. Can't go wrong with this one though
You have no idea how much fun and relaxation you have given me with your little app.  I haven't bought a puzzel book in 4 months!!! Thanks again.
It needs a little work. All of the "People" puzzles download with a red bar showing the puzzle is wrong. This is before I even work it. When finished completely & correctly, the red bar is still there! Also agree with other posts about going to next word on grid. Fix both, you get 5 stars!
Only complaint is that People Magazine's crossword is always messed up, but that's not the fault of the app's creator
This program keeps the crosswords coming.
Only crossword app you will need. Downloading is a snap and good variety.
I luv this crossword app. Its fun on all my plane rides.
Great crosswords from popular periodicals. Ability to check yourself and get hints. Can download 100s or more. They are always up to date. THANK YOU
Just wish we had a fix for the puzzle suddenly getting tiny with no way to get it back to full a size.
This is the first time i've felt the need to comment on an app and that's because none have amazed me like this one. Fantastic guys. Easy game play, loads of puzzles, and great options. Top notch  '
I've used this for several months and it always works perfectly & keeps me entertained. Love the variety of puzzles available!
Cool
Yeah....(:
If you enjoy crosswords, it's a must! Have had no problems.
Even though it doesn't weigh a lot, it secretly downloads all the puzzles in the background and usurps tons of data unexpectedly. Therefore, one star and uninstalled.
Make Different modes of question answering. Trivia question style. Hangman style.think about it
Needs option to update even on days you don't open the program
I love doing crosswords and was happy to find this app. Some are easy some are difficult.
I have all the crossword I can handle. The ones from my city as well as so many others.
Easily the best crossword app I've evaluated...and it's free!  Lots of options, lots of puzzle downloads.  Works great on my Nook Tablet.  The version from f-droid had blurry text, but the one from Google Play is perfect.
All positive
Hands down the best crossword app on Android!!
@TiGrrGrrR says: OMG! I am soooo sorry! I honestly thought I had rated the game already! Again, I am SOOOO SORRY! So, as "they" say, Better Late than Never ... Here goes the rating: I have found Shortyz Crossword Game to be ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY, FABULOUSLY FANTABULOUS! As well as_ABSTOTISLY, POSOLUTELY, FANTASAMAGORICALLY, AWESOME! Without a doubt it is Totally Fantastic FUN! Please allow me to explain ... I love crosswords. Simply adore them! I was used to an app on Verizon that downloaded a new crossword everyday. One (1) & only one but that was fine by me. It was free & I could always pay $1 a month & get five (5) new puzzles a day. (No Thanks, One (1) is good enough for me, Thank You very much.) However, when I got my new T-Mobile phone & couldn't find any apps that satisfied me, even the paid ones, I was crushed. Luckily for me my Wonderful Husband found this app & all was right with the world again. Actually even better! Still free, more, many more, puzzles with more added all the time! It's endless fun! The user interface is very simple & can be edited to your own taste.	There are other "personal" options as well as being able to reveal a letter, word or the entire puzzle. You can also choose which puzzles you want downloaded & which you don't, as well as when - when you first start the game or not. I wish I could give more stars because the Dev deserves them!
Awesome
Great game!!
On ICS SGS II, cannot zoom in - almost unplayable on landscape orientation..
Wonderful implementation of crosswords on a touchscreen device. This app pulls real, professionally edited crosswords. No simplified,  nonstandard garbage. Intuitive controls make this the only cw app on my phone. Essential for those downtimes when pen and paper are too cumbersome. Good set of customization options, too. More sources would be a bonus, but I love what's available already.
Maybe I'm just really dumb, idk, but on my samsung fascinate I have no idea if the answer is correct? No clues whatsoever? Wtf? When all the answers are filled in, I have no idea if I'm correct.
Classic!
I like to keep my mind stimulated and this app is a great way to do it. I am a little frustrated, however, because a lot of my puzzles are no longer fully downloading. I get the date and where they are from, but cannot open many of the puzzles. Please try to fix this soon.
Doesn't work just a black screen that gives me adds
Good app better than the others
I have had this app for a long time and it's great for those long boring moments waiting for your appointment, or a long car ride...there have been lots of times where this app came in handy!  New puzzles every day!
Wonderful! No ads, excellent interface, perfect! This its the kind of app that makes the world a better place.
Never could open app, always had to force clise
Always new ones to download
I Love Love Love This App.
The best!!!
Perfect app.
Unable to post to G plus  No reply from Shorty staff. App doesn't real right or wrong answers
For those who want something more engaging than a wordsearch or just simply like exercising the brain, this is the app for you. There's several different crosswords to choose from, with some offering hints to help you along the way. For a free app with no ads I'm really impressed with its features. I agree with Holly (18/4) about perhaps adding British crosswords if possible.
I got this app 2 days ago and completed all the puzzles but it hasn't downloaded any new ones! I tried everything and still no puzzles....help!
This is a pretty good app.  I only have two gripes, but they're big.  First the navigation is awful.  There's no way to go to the next unsolved clue in the direction you're currently working on in grid mode.  This makes it difficult to scan through the puzzle solving the stuff you know quickly.    Second, there's no support for rebus answers, or the additional description that sometimes comes with the puzzle.  These are sometimes required to solve the puzzle correctly.
Great app!!!! A must have!
This app installed several additional apps one right after the other. And now I cannot remove them.:-(
The layout of the app is miserable for those with visual impairments. Please rethink your layout for those who can't read the tiny clues (even on a tablet!)
I loved this game until yesterday! Now it won't open or download games. Please fix then you will be 5 stars!
This app is great for someone who is just learning how to do crosswords, very easy and helpful way to get into it.
Only game that always stays on my phone! I appreciate the hints because sometimes I just can't get a word - eventually I won't have the hints on but for now they are perfect. Never had any problems with the app either. Galaxy S
Dang these are some tough crosswords...love it!
I love this app, it is flawless.  It updates seamlessly and has the smoothest UI.  You have a winner here.
Zooming seems to be broken on the latest version, Zona out to make puzzle tiny every time you tap anywhere.
awesome
So fun!
'nuff said
Sometimes the clues are mixed up and it gets confusing. Today the clue was "wizard of oz" surname, but the answer said "asa". Another clue's answer was "gale". (Which was Dorothy's last name.
Sure you get free daily crosswords but this is so poorly designed it is frustrating to play.
Game is great! Like the variety of crosswords, play options, and scoring. But scores suffer because the keyboard is too small and poorly laid out. Would love option to use system keyboard.
This is already my favorite app1
This was a very enjoyable game, but the past few weeks it has caused lock ups. I have tried uninstalling and reloading but that fails to work too. Has an update caused this?
Grab this. Personally never had a problem on 3 devices (tablet and 2 phones) . So you don't get the NYT, big deal. Six or seven free puzzles most days. A free app that i would pay 5 bucks for, but don't tell the devs that. ;)
All downloads seem to be working well except for People mag. EVERY character in the puzzle is wrong. Not worth downloading that puzzle. HTC Incredible.
A must-have for any crossword fan.
This app works well, and the price can't be beat. I have only run into two minor issues. I can't turn off the wrong letter indicator, and I wish I could hide clues once I have filled in the answer.
now it doesn't save puzzles and it won't let me delete them either.. what happened to this app?
Awesome app! Absolutely love it.
Started out with the puzzle the right size but as soon as you click on anything the puzzle shrinks down to an entirely unusable size. Asus TF101 Eee Pad.
My mom and  Iplayed this for two hours on a road trip to keep our minds running, makes you think :))
Too many to finish! Real time. No complaints from this crossword junkie
Was looking forward to it from the reviews, but wont open and freezes my phone
People Magazine loads, I fill it out, and then it tells me the whole puzzle is wrong, so I ask it to solve and then its a mixture of letters that don't even make words
This crossword app is great!  the auto-download of daily/weekly puzzles is really convenient.
could you please add support for numbers in puzzle answers?
Just needs some easier puzzle sources!
Love love love!
HTC evo 3d causes total system crash each time I open it
The letter P randomly inserts itself all over the crosswords. Totally unplayable.
The app is awesome. It handles the puzzles exceptionally well, with various options that all work and don't crash my phone :-) The only drawback is the puzzles seem to be sourced from the USA, with lots of clues that people not native may need to cheat to solve. :-)
Easy to use, great puzzles, would be nice to get a little celebratory screen when a puzzle is completed!
Great variety of puzzles and I like the setting options. Very fun.
This app is exactly what I wanted!
Excellent app! Fun, addicting, and i love how it downloads new puzzles every day! Very customizable & challenging i cant put it down!
Great app! Focuses on functionality and not useless/annoying options.
Why wont it show incorrect values anymore?? Don't see the option in the menu
The app seems good but I cannot figure out how to get the new York times puzzle. I have a paid subscription but there is no where to select the nyt puzzle and enter my login info. Please explain!
awesome. Navigating cwords on a phone is tough but this one does it the best!
Nice for any moment.
Doesn't work with the galaxy note pen
I really love this game but I wish I could it on amazon for my kindle fire so I could see it better on a bigger screen than my Lg optimus .
Love how this app can download daily crosswords! Wish you guys made an iPhone version too though.
The puzzle board annoyingly resizes itself to a tiny grid and you can't see or play it. Will not resize and stay large regardless of settings. Otherwise pretty fun, lots of choices. Wish i could play it.
I love having crosswords so close n handy!!! My fave game.
This is a great crossword application that has a good variety of crosswords, including Sheffer, Joseph, LA Times, New York Times Classic and Current (the latter with subscription) and many, many more! My personal favorite is the weekly The Onion A.V. Club.  This crossword app includes a timer, a fair way to reveal hints if you are stuck, the option to customize your keyboard with arrows (or even use your native keyboard), and the ability to zoom in and out with ease.  My only concerns: the timer does not seem to pause if you go into a call.  Also, it would be great if I could load my own puzzle files from other sources not included.
Love this app! I used to just bring the newspaper with me on the train to work. Now I got tons of crosswords to choose from! Good work!  Going to email the developer with a suggestion though. The placement of the arrow keys is a little off-putting. They are order in Up, Down, Left, Right. Maybe it's just my personal preference but I think they should be Left, Up, Down, Right for ease of moving around the crossword.
A fun and easy way to stay sharp
Can't believe this is ad free and has as many features as it does.
I like it...
Most frequently used app on my phone
Was great until I downloaded on my new phone and the errors no longer show up red and the pink box option doesn't work!
Tons of new crosswords every day, never had any issues with app. Really entertaining!
I love crossword puzzles & this app is fantastic! Lots of puzzles different difficulty levels.
Very addicting!!!
Keeps zooming out, making the text too small. Author doesn't respond to emails
I was never really into crosswords until I tried this app. Now I can't get enough! It automatically finds and downloads new puzzles, and then you're ready to go! Good variety of puzzles keeps it interesting. Does what it's supposed to do, and does it well.
:( uninstalling
This app is excellent. Tons of options to configure things to just how you want them. Easy to use. Easily the most used app on my phone.
Was a great app but recently began crashing on my rooted Nook Color. Uninstalled.
This is a great app and fully customizable. The only fault is that it really eats the battery but outside of that's it is an excellent app!
Love it, play out all the time, great way to build your vocab and general knowledge
This is the best crossword app I've used.
Great crossword app!
The best out there
Awesome app, there really is none better which is why I hate it that it will crash anytime that popup comes and nothing will let me open the app.. even uninstalling
Find myself using it more than i should :)
Works great & smooth layout.
Great and easy to us.  Only problem is that enter key only moves to next word on the same line.  It won't jump to the next line forcing one to move by tapping the screen.
Love doing these puzzles but have tried clearing the archives because my phone was running slow & when I hit the clear button it always crashed my motorola android. Very annoying. I would think that would be a bug to be fixed or it may be my phone. I installed it for a while & then reinstalled bc I can't find a better crossword puzzle app it there
Best all around selection available, and priced perfectly, too. Thank you again!	Wonderful! Thank you!
Lots of puzzles for different levels. Lots of options too. Love it!
The puzzles are American based so non USA users will struggle with the clues
This is one of my favorite apps, but I use the Galaxy Note now and when you use the SPen it only inputs the letter P regardless of which letter you choose.
Love this app. I hope there was a way to sort the puzzles by difficulty but what the hey. 5 stars!
if i hit space or backspace it places the letter p in the empty boxes
Many of the top newspapers in the country right to your phone
Best app ever. Really makes you think.
Where are the clues
Great app, but People Mag puzzle answers are never available.  If it's fixed, definitely 5 stars.
Great app, thank you.
Love it.
Tons of sources. However I can't use my s pen on my galaxy note. Whenever I click it inserts random letters.
Love it. Great selection. Daily downloads. Nice way to pass the time.
Fun game.. good selection of puzzles.. easy to use..
If only it had star crosswords PERFECT!!!!
Excellent; totally customizable and a great selection daily.
Love it! Hours of fun and puzzles.
Feature-rich and great fun for crossword puzzle lovers and crossword puzzle wannabees. Heartily recommend it - works great.
Free daily crosswords! Cryptics even! Love it. Please add the option to just download cryptics. :-)
How does one submit/check answers? are there any "hints"
The crosswords are endless! I can't keep up but I'm having a ball trying to :)
Excellent aplication.  Too much of a temptation to leave on my phone
I love this app, it's part of my daily ritual
but the "People "crossword puzzle is scrambled and is gibberish for lack of a better word.
Fun and easy to use. Only complaint is I've been unable to disable the shading of squares with incorrectly played letters -takes away any challenge significantly.
I absolutely LOVE this app. Only problem is the People Magazine puzzles are messed  up. The answers are gibberish so maybe it's a programming  error? Other than that, this is hands down my favorite app.
Excellent crossword app with great options.
Love this app...keeps my vocab up
The perfect crossword app
Date is wrong when downloading new puzzles. Perfect otherwise
...crossword program on the Market! A simple and intuitive UI combined with a plethora of free puzzles and smart options makes this a must-have!
I love it. Addicted. A must have for crossword lovers.
Love the fact that solutions are loaded so you know whether your answer is correct or not.
This app is great. I have not had any issues with it and the puzzles range from easy to difficult!  I would recommend it!
Best crossword app. Tons of content, all available for free and without ads. I use this all the time.
I love to puzzle and this app is perfect!
Best free crossword app. Daily puzzles from most major newspapers.
I can't believe this app is free! Such a great app.
For the downloading option can you add people crossword puzzles please?
Great App
One of my favorite apps by far
I love this app, but I can't use it because of the tiny clue font. Please add an option to make it bigger!
This had been a great app but now it won't open, even after reinstall.
This is a great crossword app in many ways, but there are two major things that prevent me from rating it higher. The first is its stability on my ASUS Transformer Prime TF201 under Ice Cream Sandwich. The app is terribly slow sometimes, even on a freshly-booted machine. It just flat-out hates the hardware keyboard on the dock; typing a word quickly results in multiple repeats of the same letter, a bug that does not occur in any other program with the keyboard. The other major issue is with the arrows (either software or hardware): Pushing one of them will, indeed, move the highlighted square, but not in a predictable or intuitive manner. Fixing these two issues would easily make it a 5-star app.
Was a super app won't the highlighted wrong characters, since that no longer works its just average.
Haven't had a problem until just a few days ago. Black screen of death on opening. Puzzles appear to be dling, but nothing appears on screen.Please address this! Need my crossword fix :(
My favorite. Greatest free app. I'm off to donate...
Every time I open this app, a black screen appears. I wait, and it crashes. Droid X
can't get NYTimes to download anymore. Have triple checked subscription info, uninstalled/ reinstalled  but nothing works. Shame, I miss it.
Landscape mode is a little funky looking but otherwise it's great
Best crossword app ever!
I love this!  Its the best!
Best crossword app in the market. Many puzzles to choose from at differing levels. You will never have to be bored in a waiting room again!
Great crossword app! Intuitive interface with a mass of new crosswords daily!
Brilliant 10/10
Awesome! I love it...
Perfect app. I've been using it forever. It just gets better with each update. Great on phone and tablet.
Would rate better but cheat boxes not turning red. Like to know when I've made a mistake. Emailed the developer to no avail... bug still not fixed!
If you love crossword puzzles you must have this app. Love it.
nice app....cool that you can download from different sources and save it in ur phone.....The only problem is all the sources are from the US, should add more international crosswords......
Very nice! Occasional navigation quirks tho
IF the error checker/reveal buttons would work correctly!  Tells me words are wrong when I know they aren't.. the 'reveal' button gives me nothing but gibberish. Its impossible to have a puzzle finished when the checker says everything is wrong.
Excellent game! No problems. Love the new puzzles every day and you can find something for all skill levels. Highly recommend!
Great app.
Had this for a year and enjoy it daily.. Thank you to the Developer..
Amazing app, great support, quick updates for the newest operating systems, and it's free!
So many apps sound nice, but they want to know your phone number, whether you are on the phone, your location and more stuff irrelevant to the app. This app is fantastic and only asks for internet and SD card access, so it can download and store puzzles. Love it on my HTC Desire.
This app crashes my phone and takes forever to download puzzles. HTC desire Uninstall
This is the best crossword puzzle app I've seen. I play it every day. The large selections of puzzles are awesome.
It was fun, but I couldn't figure out how to use the error notifications, or how to "complete" the puzzle once I was finished?   UnInstalled
I'm not complaining - the current list of sources is a great start - but I would love to see this app grow and add more sources to select from.
I use it everyday brilliant
I love crosswords, and this is the best app ive found yet :)
It wont even open!!! LG Optimus
I really like this app, but why can't I delete old puzzles? Puzzles archived before I set it to delete can't be deleted! Just want to get rid of them!
This is a great app for those who love crosswords.
Several xwords every day. Great program.
This app works very well, and is a great way to kill time on the bus or just waiting around. Lots of options with it, too.
Hmm loved this app till yesterday when it stopped dloading new puzzles and getting rid of old ones?? What the french????
One of my top three favorite apps!
I dont understand why you took away making a letter red when it's wrong.. I liked that feature
Love this app
Great if you are from the US as a lot of the answers are 'Americanisms'
This is an excellent little app. Great time killer.
Love this app, use it everyday on my commute. After last update it stopped working. Force quit on open. Unfortunate, but hopefully will be back soon.
About as close to perfect as you can get. Looks great on Ice Cream Sandwich.
Love the settings & automatic downloads. Would really like to have it on my Kindle Fire as well.
It is a great appear, but it just stopped working after the last update.
Loved it til the last update.  Now  the hint box is broken, won't  work checked or unchecked  in settings.
Wonderful! I can finally solve the NY Times crossword puzzle on my smartphone.
Very much enjoy this app play it near everyday. Tbh was not expecting to like or keep this app but it hooked me then my wife we do the puzzles together as we lay together before sleep. Wonderful work.
The best!
Amazing crossword app
Replaced my phone and had to install this asap. Plenty of free puzzles daily and clean bug-free UI.
I use it all the time.    Suggestion: Would be great if there was a way to look up word definitions in the app.
I love this app!
Great job by the developer. Absolutely love this app!
I love crosswords and this app is fantastic.  Great variety and the options are helpful.  I use it every day.
Works great on HTC EVO 4G.  Hal
I love it. Great selection of daily and weekly crosswords. Best crossword app available by far!
Crossword has several diff daily/weekly sources to download free, and almost always contain the solution the day they're posted. You can check your answers while you go or reveal letter/word to get started. Soooo helpful! Soooo great!
I have had this app for several months and it has worked great until today. I can no longer open the app, despite force quitting, uninstalling, and reinstalling several times. Hoping this is resolved soon, it's otherwise an excellent app.
Wonderful concept and great interface. The only crossword app you'll ever need.
Doesnt work with my incredible. This makes me very sad.
App doesnt work for my optimus
Works well, easily configurable, and challenging. Worked great on my Droid2, works great now on my Droid3:)
Great! Free! A great app and you can't beat the price. The other app I was looking at was $9.99! That one might be better but I'm not paying that much to find out. (it's rating wasn't as good).   (note to the rater who wanted to know what the yellow bar means. It means you've started the puzzle but haven't finished.)
Can anybody tell me what it means when the little bar next to the name of the puzzle turns Yellow instead of Green?
Best crossword app by far and best of all free. Would love to see the experimental puzzles fleshed out further. Love the cryptics but can't see if I've started them or not from the listing screen because they just show in red.
I use it for my a Moto Atrix and mostly my Galaxy Tab 10.1 Great app. Best crossword I have used.
Great app!
The settings to delete unfinished puzzles does not work.  It takes up memory. I have the settings on delete after two days and a week later they are still there.  If not for that I would give it 5 stars.  I deleted the game and reloaded it and the old games came back.  This time I am deleting it for good.
I wish the app would track my times on each puzzle and show where I rank among all users on the same puzzle.
Developers designed this app perfectly!
Great collection of crosswords plus great layout and navigation.
I constantly play this at night to help make me tired so I can sleep. Always works well!
I've done hundreds of puzzles on this app. There are always more puzzles and the format is great.
Great app. Play it all the time.
Best out there.
Great app with crosswords for all levels. Love the more challenging ones. I use it every day!
Only thing I don't like is that double tap to zoom only works once I zoom in via pinch.
Wow, what a great app. I've had it 1 day and am so impressed.love the reveal letter option. thanks!
Easy to add - great play
Awesome
If you want to do crosswords on your phone, then there is no reason to load any other app but this one.
Love it, use it all the time. I have been able to go out and find puzzles formatted for Across Lite and solve them with this app. Wish you could solve Crossword Solver puzzles.
Best app ever. Thank you!
it has it all! the tough ones , the beginner level ones everythin. plus u have options to reveal words , letters in words partly and fully! its amazing  and interface is also sulpe3r
Best crossword app out there
This amazing.
Awesome app. Now I fit in at work. I can look up all the answers while all the "geeks" at lunch do puzzles.
Used to work perfectly on my Droid 2. Now I can't even open it. Please fix it!
I cant describe how great this (free!) app is- I keep running out of comment space. See for yourself! BEST app I have
The only app I use every day without fail.
Amazing interface. Great puzzles.
If you like doing crossword puzzles this is the app for you. Has everything you need. No ads, just goodness
Rooted Ally, rooted Nook color.  Love the arrow keys.
Yay!
Puzzle size needs fixing, Android 4.0.3.  great app!
Free, auto downloads daily and incredible customizable options make this app a 5 star. Thank you devs!
Was a very fun app, but now it never works. WORTHLESS!!!
It's delicious.  Awesome auto-download feature.
Love it! Love it!
Love this app!
I enjoy a little brain work.
This is the best crossword app for Android.
Same thing here on my droid x. It updated and now won't open. This was  my favorite app until then.
Update broke it The recent update had made this program unable to open.  So sad,  was my favorite app previously! Droid x.
Good game, wish all puzzles had the option to show errors tho.
I've tried the others and they just can't compare :-)
Love love love it
Tons of daily puzzles, no ads, and free!
I have the new Razr, the puzzle from Peoples Magazine still loads with errors.
A broad-ranged, challenging collection and a very natural-feeling interface make doing these puzzles a pleasure.
Simply the best crossword app. One of the best apps in general.  Thanks Robert, will donate when I get my paypal account straight!
The Scheffer puzzle doesn't download.
NYT no longer downloads even with subscription
The one app I use every day
Use this app a lot. Love it.
Impeccable
5 stars last week, but stopped working a few days ago, and now keeps crashing my droid inc. Please fix, I loved this app!
Keeps force closing. DROID x
Incredible
Loooove it. Simply fantastic
Lots of choices!
Every now and then I look for a better alternative, but until a crossword app allows me to enter answers with my mind Shortyz will reign supreme.
Awesome.
Easily the best crossword application for Android.
Thanks for the fast ICS update. Works great!
, a  must have if you enjoy crossword puzzles, all in one place.
Works exactly the way it should: unobtusive updates, challenging puzzles and no glitches. Daily, weekly and experimental puzzles for free. No ads.
The only solid free crossword player for androids as far as I'm concerned.
I want the option to see the errors again. Otherwise a good app.
Very fun and addictive.   Love it!
Now my settings reset each time I open the app. Very annoying!
Best crossword app out there!!
I love it
Loved this app until I upgraded to ICS; now I can't load any puzzles.
Works flawlessly with Evo 4g and NYT crossword subscription
I used to be able to manipulate the size of the clues, but now I can't find this feature. Please help; the small font is giving me a headache.
Perfect way to spend a Saturday morning
Thanks!
Was my favorite app but since the last few updates it downloads the puzzles but won't allow me to open them :( *LG optimus
Had the best interface compared to other crossword apps but since last update the clues are small and too hard to read. The clue for word you are working on is barely readable as the font is dark grey on light grey background. If clues were fixed would be five stars for sure!
Loved it until today, now errors don't show.  Please fix!
Had it on my other phone and since I replaced it the clues are tiny and does not show errors.
My puzzles no longer show errors when I type the wrong letter nor does it say I finished a puzzle when I do... Fix for 5 stars.
Works great for my touch 4g. Best crossword app!
Great app.
Great app, fixed the People Magazine problem...now no complaints
Works great, have not found another as great.  Developer is great as well
My favorite app! Love it!
Awesome!
I really love this app.
Great crossword app. Works flawlessly.
Great app
Use it every day, always works, can download crosswords from any date. Game options easy to use and exactly what you need.
I love this app. Great range of difficulty and quick download of new puzzles everyday.
A must have for puzzlers
This app is a great time killer and never gets old!
I've been using Shortyz for about a yearx it just keeps getting better and better!
I love crosswords so  I love this app!!!
Great. Favorite app
I love this app! I have never had any problems with it.
Beautifully simple, I've spent a shocking amount of time doing crosswords south Shortyz.
Don't like new feature that makes wrong moves on the touch screen show up as mistakes. Please remove.
My favorite time waster, but for some reason the clean up doesn't work when I select it. I have there days of puzzles and I really only want one
I love this app, great time killer and amazingly addictive, but I have the Sony Ericsson x10 and when I start up the app it crashes unfortunatly
Just downloaded this while on a trip and worked great to pass the time. Puzzle was just challenging enough. Looking forward to many more.
Is best app
This app worked great until the latest update 3.1.5. When I launch the app, my Evo Shift crashes. Please fix.
This is a perfect crossword app. Love it.
New updates make the best even better!
Love this app.
Oops! I accidentally dropped my phone and deleted 2 stars off my rating. 5 stars all the way:-)
Awesome app has wasted about a year of my life
Love this app! Keeps me from being bored!!
I love getting actual newspaper crossword puzzles.  My only complaint is that it stopped saving my answers so each time I open a puzzle it is blank.
Keeps my brain going.  A nice way to unwind at the end of the day...
Needs a difficulty setting. Easy, intermediate, hard, not just what papers put out that day. More options might draw in more people.
I absolutely love crosswords and this app! Fantastic, simple and great variety. Also, love that I can choose which puzzles I want to download!
This is the only game app that has survived on my phone. Amazing!
One of my favorite Droid apps to date. Great support with each update. Keep up the great work!
Downloads too much when started. ...
The best
I love this app... It by far and large is the way to go if you want a crossword app.
Love this app!
Would have given 5 stars but I hate this new "pink hue" feature, people generally make alot of typos and the pink squares are annoying!
My fat fingers thank you for the Pink fix.   Wish reveals were still pink though.
Awesome
Doesn't work w new Android update on HTC EVO. Help!!!
Simple, easy to use interface. Solid selection of puzzles.
Best app ever!!!
Great puzzles for all different skill levels! Playing on original nook color.
Love this app
This is the best Crossword app ever! It has the puzzles that I do in the paper daily, and I'd be willing to pay $5 for the app!
Love it!! Thanks for creating this and making it FREE. Frequent updates to fix any bugs. One happy user. :)
Love it.
Love it Hubby and I play all the time. ... You know what I mean ... LOL
the best crossword app out there. Stability, UI, options, and developer are all far superior to anything else out there.
Wish it would not always go to the end of the row/column when that one has already been completed!
With this app, I get all the crosswords I could handle and more!!!
Love this. Wouldn't mind some UK feeds tho. All seem to be American puzzles
My fav app. Use it every day!
Great app! However: despite having a NYT subscription, I no longer have access to old NYT puzzles. I can only download the current puzzle. Quite frustrating, and I can't find any mention of why this is true or how to fix it, despite also emailing about the problem.
Best crossword app out there. New, challenging puzzles every day. Love it!
Used to love it. I hated the pink showing up. Don't give a flying **** about hiding errors it should be an option. This app is going. I won't miss it.
So fat fingers equal wrong answers change this please
Great app. Thanks.
I loved the original Shortyz Crosswords.  Now the clues are black on grey and too small to read.  5* before, 3* now.
This is the best free app out there for CW's. Only complaint as stated before, if you hit a wrong letter Ie. "W" instead of and "A" (they're close to each other and it happens all the time) on accident it will go against you and will skew the results at the end. Its no biggie though because it does not hurt you at all, just remember that that mistake was a mistake and not a guess on a letter and go on.
One great app for crossword lovers
Uninstalling.
Best app on my phone
Been addicted to crosswords for years. Nice to have what I want when I want.
Nice App
Fun!
Crosswords to me are fun
I love this app, but the new pink hues to indicate cheating is annoying. REALLY annoying.
For true crossword fanatics. Great thought put into this app. I am impressed. I would pay for this.
Great game
Would give 5 stars but I can't find "show errors" option on new update....bogus
Awesome app. Excellent work!
App is fantastic... err, was fantastic. I hit the wrong letter and lo and behold, I've cheated. That's just pure retardation.
No!!!!!! Just downloaded seven apps without my permission how dare it do not download!
Love this app! Works flawlessly. Great features. Thanx shortyz!!!!
The new "hint" feature doesn't work properly.  Boxes turn pink for no reason.  Boxes that I guess at by going through every letter don't turn pink???
New updates make me feel like I'm cheating when all I did was hit the wrong key. Wish there was a way to get rid of that.  Like the puzzle choices.
Did the new update now the app doesn't work! I have to forceclose. Suggestions? Fixes?
Was my most used app. Please make social functions/pink boxes optional. It's too stressful now. Thanks.
How can I go back to the older version?? I hate pink. Used to be my fav app.
I really thought this was the best app but that new update that penalizes you, even if you don't use reveal ruined it! Still okay, but not awesome...
Still the best app but don't line cheating update
A+
Used to be the best program until the last update. Now if I hit the wrong letter (which is easy on these tiny keyboards), I'm penalized.
I used to like the app until the implementation of highlighting incorrectly typed letters as a hint. Can you make this an option instead?
Awesome! Must have for puzzle fans!
Liked it better before the last update. Now if you put in the wrong letter and accidently click off the word, you get penalized with a help.
I love this. I've  had it a long time and it's awesome!
What a terrible update pink clues that is balogna
Don't like the pink hinted clues addition. Sometimes its just a mistype and it says I was hinted.
Great app, people need to grow up. If you use "show errors" you are a cheater!
Crap update
Shortyz needs typo tolerance for its cheat detection! This keyboard is not huge and i more typos regularly.
This is so much fun and wonderful to use. This is absolutely my favorite game, and I play it daily.
Love it!
Love this one!
If you even moderately enjoy crossword puzzles, you need to download this app.
Love it!! Awesome app! Keeps  my mind sharp!
Outstanding app for crossword fans.  Flawless.
Thank you!
Love it
Love the new scoring system. Don't want your typo boxes marked? Play with errors hidden, like a true cruciverbalist!
The crosswords are free and there are lots of them. Thanks.
Excellent navigation features and a variety of puzzles. Easy to use and very customizable. I love this app!
Didn't think I'd use this so much but I got hooked. Fantastic app with tons of options, a full feature set, and very well behaved. The quality shows. The only thing I don't like is that correcting a typo charges you with cheating. My big thumbs make frequent typos on my software keyboard. I preferred the old scoring. Still, I love this app.
Just started using this app, and it is quite good. However, from reading the comments below, my question about why squares are showing up as "cheats" when I didn't look them up is explained as perhaps a new feature - that anytime I enter and then erase and then get the correct letter that's considered a cheat? That doesn't seem right-even when I do hard puzzles in pen (my usual method) I'm not that strict and will change a letter if necessary!
Enjoyable. A variety of crosswords - different levels and lengths. Everday you receive new crosswords. And it's free too!
Had this app forever & always loved it.. But I HATE the change to"cheating" function - now if I accidentally type in the wrong letter I'm cheating?
Where are my people magazine crosswords?
Love this app!
Love the variety of difficulty.
This is a fairly intuitive system that gives you a bunch of puzzles every day.  Works well.
Definitely the best crossword app I have used.
The best crossword puzzle app. Love it and use it all the time.
Lots of fun, with many new free puzzles daily. The UI has occasional awkward spots, but all in all entirely usable.
No problems, l love it!! Suggestions: ability to swype and more control over download/clean up settings (download or archive certain days of the week)
However my favorite one is People and there are only a few! Says its a weekly puzzle but barely ever get any! How do i get more??
Love this app.  Daily auto downloads.  Good option settings.  Never had a problem with this app!  THANKS!
This app is great, it downloads the best crosswords daily. The only problem is it force closes constantly.
I LOVE this app! I use it everyday & cannot put it down,lol...
Exactly what I was looking for in a crossword app, thanks!!
new puzzles every day, wonderful
One of my favorite apps.
Really enjoy this!
Love this app, best crossword app on the market. I love that you get a new assortment of puzzles each day. Great for word junkies like me!
Great app!   I'm addicted and play for hours.  Good assortment of puzzles daily.  Not too hard, not too easy, just right.
Installed on Toshiba Thrive tablet, works great without problems. Plenty of different puzzles to choose from, new ones added daily. If you are a crossword puzzle junkie (like me) you'll love this app!
Great app. I play for hours
Good effort but a bit buggy, especially in zooming/panning. No UK-sourced crosswords, yet... HTC Desire S.
Wish it supported special characters, but still fabulous.
I've been using this app daily for nearly a year and wouldn't know what to do without it. Pure joy!
Best app in market
The best crossword app available! Awesome for the beginner or the expert! Excellent for short breaks or long rides, thanks!
Great app; lobe it!
Love it. Must have for crossword puzzle addicts. Good selection. New puzzles download fast. Great puzzle app.
Best crosswords app on the market!
Great crossword puzzles and relaxing for the mind.  I was surprised how much I enjoyed solving puzzles from various newspapers around the world.
UI is good but all the puzzles are from Yank publications so not much good to the rest of us.
The best out there!
I compared this to other crossword apps, and this app's UI and flexibility was hands down the best!
Fantastic!
This is the best crossword application I've ever used!
Awesome well developed app. Great features! I'm actually now addicted to crosswords. Really. That's not me.
Seriously awesome application if you like crossword puzzles this is a must have.
Best crossword puzzle app ever made. I use this app nearly everyday. Makes my brain feel big! LOL
Love this app. Please don't make any changes to the interface or functionality. Perfect as is. Thanks!!
Like
Clearly the best crossword app hands down. Hours of fun.
Best crossword app. Cryptic crosswords from British papers will be much appreciated.
Best crossword app I've seen yet, on iOS or Android. Great list of sources, easy interfaces, auto download, and the list goes on.
Miss the NYT crosswords, but that's not the devs fault. Well managed and great functionality!
This app is awesome! Works great, easy enough to use. Keeps me entertained when I have time to waste!
A must have for crossword lovers!
Brilliant app. I'm sucking at completing just one crossword, perhaps its because I'm not from America (they mostly seem to be from American newspapers etc.). Or maybe I just suck, haha. But still, such an efficient app and a great brain workout. Never thought I'd get into crosswords...
Puzzles are no longer downloading and any work I have done on a puzzle is not saving.
I've tried a few crossword apps, this is by far the best.
But it seems I'm too dumb for these crosswords
The absolute best - great puzzles, great navigation. Plenty of settings options. Incredible 2.
Love it
Ever since the update the puzzles don't load correctly and won't open. Would've given 5 stars but can't use it so until fixed, 1 star.
It used to tell you if the letters were incorrect. New update doesn't, wish it did.
How do I switch between down and across?
anybody who loves crosswords will love this app. its brilliantly easy to use. perfect for anyone with a crossword fetish.
Amazing use of space. Lose track of time in puzzles
Good interface, free crosswords!
Love it
This is by far my most used non-browser app. Great UI, responsive, never have any problems with it. Must have for anyone who likes crosswords or who finds themselves bored for a few minutes a day.
Crosswords on a small screen have challenges, but this app handles it really well.
Probably one of the best apps ever. Very addictive.
Lots of puzzles, with daily updates. Easy to use, clean and simple interface.
Love this app. Wouldn't change a thing!
Great free crossword app
Lovvvveee it! Lg Optimus U
Love it! For free? Awesome!!!
Works great, fun to play and its free!
What happened to the LA Times Sunday puzzle?
Great app!
Easily the best crossword puzzle ever.
Great app!
Almost perfect!
Love that you can download your favourites for whatever date whenever you want
Love that I can get all my favorite crosswords in one spot.
Love the new puzzles everyday! Great app! My only complaint is that after deleting puzzles i've completed for the day they seem to redownload.
Love this app. Great to fill time waiting.
Great. I use it all the time.
What happened to the "show errors" option in the latest update? I can't seem to find it anywhere!
Love it!
Great app, easy interface, and endless puzzles to solve.
This is perfect for a first time crossword solver. Very polished interface and easy to use. Highly recommended. *Sometimes sticks w/ HTC number pad.*
This app is great for crossword lovers of all levels. I love the fact that I can toggle 'show wrong letters' in the settings. Gr8 Puzzle selection :)
Awesome app
Not the same as it was Why does the app no longer tell me if the letters are wrong as I'm typing them in?
Would love to be able to pay for the NYT crossword via this app.
When camping out of service area these keep me busy when needed.
Love this app! Never run out of puzzles!
I use this app ALL the time. Simply fantastic.
Great lil app! Really passes the time, great for unwinding & challenging myself.
Superb app! Utilizes free online resources well.
LOVE this app. Use it every day. Great variety of puzzles and very simple to use. Highly recommended!
Amazing. Just wish it had a key to switch clue direction and that it showed both the across and down clues for the highlighted box. Thanks!
Great app even if, like me, you aren't great at crossword puzzles. I love to do the Monday and Tuesday puzzles. I'm doing puzzles much more often.
This is the greatest product ever!!!
Have spent many hours on these crosswords. Absolutely brilliant application.
Great list of puzzles but I can't get it to finish the People puzzle.
Love it. Fun.
I can't believe someone gave this 1 star because it downloads "god knows what" upon opening the application. God knows what = the daily puzzles.  Nice
Love it!!
Great app! Good variety of crossword sources.
Great Crosswords app.
no probs. Good app
My fave!
LOVE IT!
I'd been looking for an app like this for a while. Just about perfect, IMO. HTC Inspire.
Best app on my Moto Droid, use it daily. Note: automatic downloads can be turned off. Don't give 1 star just because you don't know how to use app!
My favorite app. New puzzles everyday. And it shows you when you've entered a wrong letter. No more pen and paper for me.
Really nice crossword app, works great on my G2.
Love it!!
Truly a great app. Works EXACTLY right!
Something has happened where the app cannot download or even open new york times puzzles.
Truly great, it's rare to look for an app and find EXACTLY what you were looking for. Shortyz is simply the best!
Love this app! Must have for crossword puzzle addicts!
Great app for the crossword lover. Easy interface & plenty of download sources. Can't believe it's free, but hope out stays that way.
Haven't even wanted to try another crossword puzzle app. Probably my most used, and for that matter, most reliable app.
Love it!
Better if all puzzles weren't just US based - us UK people like crosswords too ;)
I love this app, and play it religiously every day :) thanks for such an entertaining game, that has no bugs that bother me! How can I donate?
Best crosswords! Hours of fun!
Pretty good, bugs get fixed on time. Easy to use
Love it! ! Nothing better Android Zio works well!!!
Why doesn't People Magazine give you the option to show errors like the other puzzles?
This is by far the best crossword app I have seen on Android. It's intuitive, easy to use, and feature-rich.
Best of ALL!!!
If you are addicted to crosswords like I am, this is the app for you!
This app is wonderful for crossword puzzle fans. The interface is intuitive and uncluttered. A nice variety of puzzles are available every day.
If you like crossword puzzles then this is the one for you.
I really like the interface on here, the options available. And downloading new puzzles every day. :)
This is the only crossword app you'll ever need!
This is the only crossword app you will ever need. Great selection and endless supply. Love love love it! Droid incredible.
10*
Addicted to this app; wonderful!
Plzz do not download... after the download.. it automatically started downlooading God knows what...
Awesome
Addictive
Best app ever!! Works like it says, and provides hours of .fun
Very polished app. Downloads new crosswords daily.
V
Couldn't figure out how to use it at first, but once I got into it I liked it.
Lots of new crosswords daily ... Awesome!
One of my favourite apps
Great app
Fantastic
Really struggle to scroll or delete and I think some a bit too cryptic
Keeps me entertained for hours ^_^
Good app. Can be very hard to zoom accurately, though. Only US English crosswords.
Very nice!
Lots of variety
Great variety. Able to customize which puzzles it downloads and how long to keep them.
Love this app!
App is ok but won't give hints or let you check your answers. Also nothing happens when puzzle is complete.
Excellent! Flawless! The best gaming app in the market! Would recommend to anyone! HTC Incredible.
Auto download works but if you try to download manually it forces close.(process com.totsp.crossword.shortyz error)
This is one of the best a few burgers but nothing bad enough to make me complain or stop playing
I LOVE this app. :D
Simply amazing! Downloads CURRENT DAY puzzles! Love it for traveling 4 days a week. Saves ALOT of money!
One of my most used apps. Absolutely love it. The arrow keys are perfect for those of us with inaccurate fingers :)
Love this app!!
Absolutely fantastic app, one of the best on Android. If you do crossword puzzles then this one is a must.
I do like this although being English I have trouble answering some of the US trivia type questions. Worth downloading though.
The best and most used app I have.
If you're a crossword junkie and don't have this app, you don't know what you're missing. Great!
Good puzzles, but the inability of the "cursor" to move correctly on its own when a word is completed is infuriating.
Excellent! My favorite app. Plus no ads or intrusive permissions. (Samsung Intercept)
Best crossword game period!!!
Same puzzles after a few days. Other than that great time killer
Love it! Play daily. Great selection of FREE crosswords! Good for when you have to sit & wait on something or someone.
Love it!
Good app!
Love the app! But one suggestion: make it so it doesn't redownload a puzzle after you have finished it & deleted it.
Good app. Some are hard some are easy its a good mix. Would like some UK ones though
Kinda tough on the phone but awesome on my tab.
Great app. It's a simple, no frills crossword puzzle that I spend an embarrassing amount of time on per day.
Great app, no prob since I figured out I could zoom in, duh me.
Works great, never have any issues. Perfect if you love to do crosswords on the go! - HTC incredible
Great!!!
Anyone who truly loves this app should donate something. I did. I use it everyday and its totally stable.
A must have for the crossword obsessed. Fantastic...my favorite app! Simple, pleasing UI, no performance issues. Thank you, devs! HTC Sensation
Figured it out!
LOVE IT!! ... except for the f*bomb in one of the clues.
I love this app and haven't had any problems with it since I downloaded it over 2 weeks ago on my HTC Inspire.
The only android app I can't live without. Love it!
Best crossword app, good range of difficulty
So fun!
I looked at a lot of crossword apps, and this was the best. The fact that it was free was just icing on the cake!
Best app, i play it everyday
It's my favorite app for relaxing. Works correctly everytime.
Tt
Great app for crossword lovers!
Some completed puzzles don't delete. Awesome, other than that.
Love it!
It's great that you download the puzzles and can do them offline. There's a few puzzles every day of varying difficulty.
Awesome app but won't download new puzzles after one day...any help?
I use this app everyday. Definitely recommend it for anyone who loves crosswords.
Hard, some of the clues dont make sense.
DROIDX. Was great until I updated to android 2.3.3.
Brilliant implementation. Can't recommend it enough for anyone that enjoys crosswords.
Love this app! Best crossword puzzle app I've found!
I use this almost every day, and couldn't be happier. The dev really needs to have a donate version. I'd give $20 happily for all the enjoyment I've gotten from this app! Always seem to find new puzzles as time goes by. Superb app.
Awesome app, I use it everyday
The puzzles are fun, and the cleanup feature is very nice.
Great, especially with the daily new Xwords the skys the limit.
The best crossword puzzle I've found or seen.
How do I get rid of old puzzles?? They just stay there everyday, even when I've finished them or just want to delete them!
Only gripe is 75% of the time several longer words line up side by side at the same slant taking a lot of challenge out of it. Great when it doesn't.
Love it! Addicting and has great variety in puzzles. Only flaw is not being able to use cleanup feature for old and archived puzzles like intended.
Awesome crossword app that supports many sources
Absolutely love it. Shortyz always has a home on my home screen! They say don't mess w/perfection...why should I upgrade? Help!
Works great
Love love love!
Great app. Exactly what I was looking for.
Perfect app. Great options.
Exactly what I was looking for! Thank you
A great app with many features for customisation. Thanks
Lovin' it!!!
Best app ever!
Very easy to use. Good interface and small memory usage. Cleanup feature is wonderful
Looooove this app!!!
I am not the most accomplished crossword puzzle person, but this is the best crossword app out there. This app makes me glad to have A Droid
Love the app, but people magazine downloads daily instead of weekly and doesn't update.
I am addicted to this app!
I'm so addicted to this. It has several different crosswords (la times, USA Today,ny times, etc) in one day. Love this app
Great crossword app. Could be cool to tie in w/ a crossword dictionary....
I'm a big crossword fan and found most of the weekly puzzles I do. And some I had never seen although it lacks a few others a great app perfect
Too hard. The clues dont make sense
Best. Free. Crossword. App.
Amazing app. Very thoughtfully designed for the true crossword puzzle junkie.
Does not show me if I'm wrong...
Build your word power vocabulary and memory worth this app. Works great
Awesome app!
This app is great. Gives a good variety of puzzles. I'm addicted!
App itself works well. Only problem is with the puzzles. No cryptic clues & multiple word answers aren't specified as such in the clues. A US thing?
Thanks for the best crossword app of all.
Omg love
I love this. I'm astounded by the fact that it's free.
Love this app, but the cryptics repeat too often, which is frustrating. That's my only gripe. I use this app every day.
Great app! Love it!
Best app for crosswords!
Best crossword app ever. If you love crosswords you'll love this. A good variety of puzzles, from easy to challenging.
I love this app but lately it hasn't been working as intended. If I exit a puzzle it clears everything. Uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail.
Fantastic UI and usability but all US crosswords. Need some British ones in there!
Hands down the best app for crosswords. More crosswords than I could ever find time to do and lots id options. Dev is really responsive, too.
Download this crossword app. Puzzles take approx. 20 min.
Been having issues since the last update. First I couldn't get rid of the People puzzle, now the list of puzzles won't refresh. Fix = 5 stars!
I have to rate it a 1 bc i get a puzzle 75% completed then i cant open it anymore or it disappears was my favorite app not so hot anymore
Super pooper.
The best! Unbelievable that it's free
I adore this app. so many good crosswords daily!!
Its good
Love it! The people puzzle shows up even when I choose not to download it but love all other puzzles!!
Loses my answers when t mobile comet goes to sleep. If it weren't for that, it would be great.
Absolutely love it!
Best crossword puzzle ap by far
By far my favorite app. The perfect fix for crossword junkies like myself.
I love this app! I have missed being able to do crosswords daily and this app has been perfect for what I'm looking for.
Addicted to crosswords, and can't get along without this. Excellent app.
Best crosswords app. Would like some UK-style puzzles
Very impressive, especially for a free product! Automatically updated from recognizable publications rather than a static set of puzzles...exactly rig
Works perfectly. So many great settings & features. No ads. Dev is quick to fix bugs. I don't have 1 bad thing to say. I love it!!!
Works great app on htc Thunderbolt. You can control what gets downloaded. I never do crosswords on paper anymore. This app is a must for xword lovers
OK app but unfortunately for me some if the questions are too specific to the USA and render the puzzle impossible. Hate the auto downloading too
Love this app!
Well designed interface and easy to use. The puzzles are not only from different sources; but also have a good range from fairly easy to fairly hard.
Fun!
Great app!
best crossword app to date. ample amount of sources. daily downloads and best of all free! keeps me goin thx Shortyz!
Simply excellent! A must-have for long flights and beach vacations.
This is my favorite app, absolutely great!
Awesome crossword app!
Very good
The only thing missing is swype support otherwise it's perfect!
Best app everrrr! Wouldnt change a thing!
I wish there was a paid version of this. Not because it is lacking on features, but because it's so good I WANT to give the dev money!
I agree w/my fellow Droids - great app for the best price. 6 stars, anyone?
Excellent. I can't think think of anything I would improve.
THE BEST crossword app for Android hands down! If you're giving less than 5 stars because of the People issue, then solve an adult crossword instead!
Tegan, are you serious? This is the best FREE crossword puzzle app out there! Get over yourself and your immature comments.
@Tegan ... Grow up. This app is just about perfect!! 5 *****
Great app I can download crosswords from a bunch of different newspapers. Check out the tips before using the application
Best crossword puzzle app. Quick dev response to fix problems.
Great app, I pulls down puzzels from several newspapers
Great app, i do about 5 crosswords a day with it. For some reason the icon disappears from the home screen on a regular basis.
The show errors function is malfunctioning. everything is being marked as errors.
Fantastic.
Was great till the update. People mag showing correct letters in red as incorrect. Plz fix.
Great. Droid 1 and Thunderbolt.
This is what apps should be. Bonus for early honeycomb support
Excellent crossword app. Use it everyday.
No more ink stained hands! Can't praise enough. Extra <3 for having A.V. Club xword!
Great!
Love this app. Use it all the time. Great way to kill a time. Works great.
Great app - can't believe it's free! Plenty of new puzzles every day to keep me busy. Love it!
Awesome! Only problem is Washington Post re-downloads and wipes out my completed puzzle. Evo
Great app. My only glitch is that its shortcut often disappears from my home screen for no apparent reason.
Uninstalled and it effed up my keyboard....wtf
smooth, simple, clean interface...great app from a great developer!
Flawless! @ Tony, look in the options, moron. Such a fun app! Very well designed!
Love, love, love this app. Has multiple settings so u can customize it. Really good balance of levels of knowledge. I have had no probs w/app.
I like that you can choose which ones you want to download. It's handy if you're low on space.
LOVE IT!
Love the interface, easy to switch between across and down list view and actual crossword, and can put in answers in all views.
This is the greatest crossword puzzle app out there. A must-have app.
Love this app! Well done.
I wouldnt mind seeing the AM New York one, i love doin those
Great app. New puzzles everyday. Puzzles for all skill levels. Give it a try, you won't be sorry.
Perfect. I use this every day and haven't had a single problem in the two weeks that I've been using it.
Great crossword game. Kudos...
The only app I use everyday. I love the variety of puzzles available. Works great on my Droid X.
Great app! It downloads a variety of crosswords giving you plenty to choose from!
Great great GREAT Application! How can I get you to develop this for the iPad?
Great app, great dev! Always keeps us in the loop, and all FREE!
Excellent app, if you like crosswords and have some time to kill this is the app for you! *****
Only problem was that I had to figure out for myself that 'space' on the keyboard toggles between across & down...didn't see that in the help.
Best crossword game by far!
Love this app, great work by the developer, even worth paying for - droidx
stopped using all other apps and games for this
Fun for novices and experienced players alike!
Seriously, there is no app I derive more free enjoyment from than this one. Awesome job.
Great crossword app, thanks!
It's hard to believe this app is free! Fantastic!
It's great.
Perfect! No problems, zooms in and out and very clean looking.
This is a great app! So easy to use and new puzzles automatically downloaded daily! Thank you!
If it want so glitchy, I'd give 5 stars. Had to reinstall twice already.
Can't live without it. Reliable intuitive to use and great service! Tx u!
One of my most favorite apps. Thank you.
The puzzles r pretty cool, some won't show answers right or not. If a call or text comes, you can't continue,have to delete puzzle and start over.
This is wonderful! I'm amazed one can do a crossword puzzle on a little screen, but this program works well on my Droid X. Thanks for creating this!
I love this app! Thank you. Please use a larger font size for the clues.
Love it!! Gotta change the settings so they dont automaticaly but just fabulous!
With all the games and all their graphics, I still play this the most.
Won't open on LG optimus!
My favorite app of all.
My favorite app. Works flawlessly. Love it! Eris.
One of my favorite apps. I use it daily and never have problems. Clean and smooth interface. Epic 4g froyo.
Absolutely, hands down the best crossword app out. No glitches, clean interface and unlimited puzzles, fantastic!!!!
Probably my favorite app. Does everything it should, quickly, easily, intuitively. Everything should work this well.
This is the best crossword app ever. Works great on my droid x! Would love to be able to set auto download to run without turning on app.
Amazing.. my favorite game app!
Love this app! I use it daily! Love how you can pick which puzzles it should download!
My fav...play every day!
Favorite app
Love it! New puzzles are always being downloaded, and they range in difficulty.
Love the app. Only suggestion I have is to have an option to choose which specific days you want to have downloaded. Ie. Monday, Tuesday
Sometimes I buy papers just for the puzzle. Now I don't have to. ;)
Best crossword app ever! It even has Thomas joseph crossword. I don't have to buy local newspapers anymore!!!
<3 this game!!!
LOVE IT! HTC Hero/2.1
love it !
Excellent crossword app! Must-have for crossword fans, and it's FREE!
Great app! Thanks for making it free.
Use this app every day - TERRIFIC!
Outstanding!!
LOVE IT!!!!!!!!LOVE IT! GOOD JOB!
Amazing. Good job, sir!
Motorola atrix4g had it since 3/11. Works like a charm. All my favorite newspaper puzzles.
Love it!
I love this app. Nice that you can download puzzles in advance so you can have something to do during times you don't have an internet connection.
Great app. The worst thing about it is that with nearly a dozen puzzles downloaded every day, I'm spending way too much time solving them. :)
Thanks for change log
Wow, great app. This dev is put in my list of devs who care. - Captivate 2.2
Amazing app even if a little glitchy when navigating thru a puzzle. HTC Evo.
Great app!
I also want a change log. Then, five stars.
Absolutely the best crossword app hands down! Would certainly buy it with no second thoughts. Glad it's free, though! :-)
EXCELLENT! puzzles come in a good mix of difficulties; interface is really well done. My favorite app for killing time on the subway. HTC Incredible
Best app I've downloaded yet! Wow. I can't believe this is free. Kudos to the Creator of this app-- AWESOME!
This is my favorite app!
Very fun and easy to use. I don't buy a newspaper now solely for the puzzles. It's the only crossword app I'll ever use. HTC Evo.
Best crossword app and it's free!
This is the only app I use on a daily basis. It's an excellent app!
I am a crosswords FANATIC and this app ROCKS!! No problems on my Droid X
Great app. Does exactly what it says. No problems on my android x.
Great app!
Great app, but it keeps diappearing on my droid.
Works fine on my DroidX but a friend with a Droid 2 keeps having to search for the application to start it. It disappears from all but settings.
Horrible..my phone wont stop downloading new puzzles. Making phone slow. Droid2
Awesome! The only thing that would make it better would be some color options.
Crossword lovers beware! Addicting and easy to use. Well done! Rooted Evo
Great but, US crosswords so terminology can be tricky, some Brit crosswords would be good, still a good app.
Great app! If you don't want it downloading p puzzles all day, holy crap, turn that feature off.
Droid x. Great app. Works very well.
Fantastic app for crosswords. Never miss my NYT puzzles anymore.
A decent crossword app. Intuitive controls, nice layout, and enough puzzles to keep you going all day.
Love this app! Intuitive to use and the automatic updating of puzzles is so awesome
Amazingly great app!
Some links to UK crosswords would be great, app is fantastic for people who live in or are heavily into American terminology. Thanks for a great app
Great app. Should include release notes for updates though.
Puzzle is too small. Difficult to select a single word or square to enter a word. I uninstalled. App didn't want to uninstall, it hid itself to avoid.
Good app, but I still suck at crosswords.
Really good app, and downloads lots of puzzles automatically
The best crossword app out there.
Awsome app. Really love that you can switch to see if your answers are correct.
much better than doing the crosswords in the newspaper and having to wait for the next day! reveal letter/word is great. It could have a link to the words in wikipedia or wiktionary
Awesome
It seems like the LA Times crosswords stopped updating after Sunday 3/13. Anyone else have this problem?
Wish there was a way to ONLY download/subscribe crosswords that you like
I love the app, but I'd also like to see some social features added. The ability to brag about my low solve times to friends/family on facebook/twitter could be amusing.
Great application! And free, to boot!
This app is great! Definitely worth the download.
Works great on my Droid X!
Awsome app, worth all 5 stars and more. Works great on my Droid 2. I love how i can download crosswords from different dates, zoom in or out, etc etc
Greatest free app! Love that u can download new puzzles everyday!
Puzzles and app are great. But it causes my G1 shutdown when I open and close my slider keyboard.
Best free crossword app ever. So many new puzzles daily... More than I could ever do in a day.
Great app, hours of entertainment. Rocks with my full epic keyboard.
Works great with more free puzzles than I could hope to finish!
Hard 2 uninstall
Would be even better with difficulty ratings.
Thanks for an awesome app!
Fantastic app. Would be better with ratings for the crosswords, and with UK crosswords!
Love love love it!
Great UI, fast puzzle downloads, and just a lot of fun. But keep an eye on your battery.
LOVE this app! No issues what so ever!
Best crossword app I've tried.
With all the panes on one screen, makes the experience far more seamless. Keep it up.
Simple to use, fun to play, and truly enjoyable to have on my Android phone. A 6-star rating on a 1-to-5 scale.
Great app, this has completely replaced written crosswords in my life.
fun... just pick a few crosswords in your neighborhood to download FREE, and you're good to go... really, try it if you like crosswords
Great app, but everyone uses the same answers over and over.
Excellent app
Love this app. Best crossword app hands down.
Awesome!! Thanks! :)
An excellent crossword app. Very easy to use, lota of choices of puzzles.
Best crossword app out there! Galaxy S
32. Apps like this, e.g. A W _ _ O M E
Pro-tip: Erase or set to erase archives. If it gets to full it starts to force close. BEST crossword app. Bar none.
I wish I spent less time on this app :)
Great app, but the latest update has caused it to fc when downloading the new puzzles.
Perfect.
The developer works hard to bring everyone their daily crossword fix. Thanks for all you do for us!
Only thing I would improve is giving an indication when the answer consists of more than one word.
Been using this app daily for over a year. One of the best apps you can download, and best of all its free.
I was surprised by the simplicity on this particular crossword game ...others are more complicated + this has great games w/different puzzles everyday
Droid Incredible:Excellent app, no complaints from me! I'm telling all my app user friends about this one :)
Great application.
Easy to use and free! Can't go wrong. Evo
Great app. Lots of puzzles, nice interface. And FREE! Makes me very happy. Try it!
Great interface, lots of free puzzles, LOVE this app!
Super addicting! Great app!
I love this app. The interface is excellent--clean & easy to use. Now I can stop cutting out all those puzzles!
Best crossword app on any OS.
I would like some easier to understand puzzles. The app is great. Some fun & comical puzzle would add a lift too.
Never have to worry bout having to erase a wrong answer again. Enjoy getting different puzzles from across the country
Love it!!!!!!
Slows after continuous play. Otherwise very addictive.samsung intercept
Great app. Super for puzzle lovers. Thanks to the author for making getting puzzles so easy.
Love this app but after recent update, constantly force closes! SORT IT OUT!!! I NEED MY FIX!!
Love it !
Great app. Sometimes freezes up on me, but new update fixed most of that.
Force closes when I am not even playing it. Otherwise very good.
Super awesome. I love getting new ones daily.
best one out there
Great app Thank you My husband and I enjoy doing them together
Hard to beat, especially with a NYT subscription. No other puzzles really measure up. Feature request: backspace deletes last letter *entered*
Great app. Medium and hard puzzles. Excellent variety. Highly recommend. Droid X
easy to use; fun; nice that it helps u out if you need it. Clue options are good too. U can run through the list of clues or see them @ the top.
Get to do all of my favorite crosswords on the go, and it's easier to follow the clues than traditional paper puzzles. Great support, updates everyday
One of my favorite apps.
Is perhaps my most consistant app. A must have for anyone who enjoys crosswords!
So sad. love this app but it won't update on my evo. Unnstalled and it won't let me reinstall now.
Excellent application. Very hard puzzles.
Probably my most loved and most used app! Excellent!
Challenging but do-able
Awesome app. I'll never run out of puzzles with this.
This is by far my best experience ever with electronic crosswords!
Greatest app ever. This is ALWAYS the first app that I install.
Love this thing. I use it every day. I love that you can pick which puzzles to download.
This crossword app blows the others I tried out of the water. Everything works just like it should. Great app!
Absolutely love it! It's so easy to navigate and lots of great options
Best I've played, but scrolling needs work. Also appears some have either wrong clues or wrong answers
Love crosswords. To bad I suck at them. This one's good!
Fun app but keeps disappearing from phone.
Plenty of puzzles. Clean ui. Quick updating daily. ;). Samsung Captivate
This is basically my favorite app.
Nice app and so many puzzles but the squares keep disappearing on me. LG Optimus V
Awesome app. I've never had a lick of trouble, and the number of available daily puzzles keeps me playing more often than I ought to be.
Crashes consistently on some puzzles.
Great app!
Love it
+A
I love it!
Easy to use and get started with, downloads a variety of puzzles, play it at least once a day - even makes me late places as I can't get enough.
The best! #1 daily/most frequently used app on phone. So fun. Beats doing crossword puzzles the old way! If you love crosswords, then you'll love this
Phenomenal app. Works perfectly, updates only what I set it to. I use it every single day on my commute to and from work.
Awesome saves me time and money.thanx
No! Not okay that the app comes with 0 actual puzzles n am now being bombarded w/ 10+ puzls being auto downloaded and suffocating my status bar. NO TY
My only problem is the clue font size. Simply too small, and the size option disappeared after one of the updates. Good app.
Best crossword app, PERIOD!!!
I love this ap! Downloads new puzzles daily, and its easy to use. Best crossword ap so far.
greatest crossword app ever!
Love the Merl Reagle puzzles. It was the only reason I had a sunday paper subscription.
Kept downloading puzzle without me knowing....
Love it! Great variety of puzzles and nice UI.
Love to turn on 'Relax and Sleep' start a puzzle and doze off :) Great app!
Its not showing the incorrect letters in red anymore. What happened?
Love it
Really good app...Ascend 2.1
Love it!. It's so convenient and a large variety of puzzles. Always guarantee to have one waiting. And u can delete old puzzles just hold finger on it
Absolutely perfect. Everything you'd expect in a crossword app and some you might not!
Awesome, love the variety and it doesn't update unless you load it, so you're not having mass data usage daily.
Awesome! Sooo many, i'm a noob so quite challenging.
Cannot delete old puzzles which may be preventing me from downloading new puzzles
Your latest update doesn't install. Unknown error 18. Using Motorola Droid
Lots of different sources, only negative is auto-downloading from all sources after reinstall.
Simply Fantastic. Thx
Loved this app til it uninstalled itself. When I reinstalled it would take any letter as correct.
Great app. Just wish it wouldnt keep uninstalling itself every other week or so. (LG Optimus T)
Addictive
So addictive, great app!
Warning: addictive.
Wish there were some easier options...this is a better app than any other free one, but there are no options for simpler puzzles just for fun...
I am not happy with the change to this app. I never know if my answer is correct!
Simple and addictive. Love it.
Cool app - shame no British crosswords yet, but all good apart from that.
As Benjamin noted, the app icon seems to disappear even though it is still installed. Have to then go retrieve it again.
The only problem I have with it is that it keeps disappearing off of my home screen. I always have to keep searching for it in the apps list.
Great interface. No ads. Looks good keep it up!
Love this... Add more puzzles every day plz
I love this app.
Great app!!!
Won't clean up per my settings. Had to delete each one individually.
I love this crossword collection. I can choose depending on my mood for easy or challenging. Lots of options, too.
I am officially addicted. This is a GREAT crossword puzzle app. Samsung Vibrant
I love this app. Tons of puzzles from lots of papers. Only issue is too fast a repeat rate on my g2 physical keyboard.
It's open source! This should be specified in the description.
Started downloading too too much right away
Boring...... Evo
Fantastic app that works well and has a very elegant UI. Highly recommended. (Tmobile Comet)
To jared: those "15-20" things downloading without your consent are puzzles..the app is pretty useless without them..just fyi.....
Wow, when you download this about 15-20 other items start to download without your consent. I tried to then remove the app and it froze my phone(EVO)
I love this app. works fantastic. you can download the puzzles outside of class and work on then during class. awesome.
Great app, with slow but consistent improvement and support. Kudos.
Love love love this app!
Elegant, stable and free! Offers moderate-to-challenging puzzles with no subscriptions needed. My favorite crossword app.
Can't filter by cryptic vs standard. Also downloading new puzzles no longer works.
Lots if new puzzles every day. Love it!
Dig it. Add an option to lookup a word when filled in.
A lot of fun and challenge.
The best crossword app.
Good selection of puzzles for being free. I even get the puzzle my local paper runs so I'm usually a day ahead.
Great application. A very good selection of puzzles and very easy to use.
I like it except the hints are much too small to read unless it's a few inches from my face. It'd be nice to be able to adjust the size.
Love it. Thanks for making it
Best crossword app! Very user friendly and tons of daily and weekly puzzles available. Customizable settings work across puzzles. My favorite app!
The slangy name threw me off but the reviews were good so I installed it. I am very impressed. I also like all the settings you can change.
Seems to only be American crosswords but still a good app. Would be a bit hard for some people to use though
I love this app it has a variety of puzzles, some harder or easier than others. You can change the downloads in the home menu.
Can't it stop downloading continuously... Jeez. Uninstalling.
Very hard to navigate around puzzle.
I can't believe this is free!
Just a great crossword app and love the NYT/WSJ integration.
Best there is for a free app. Always get new puzzles and a lot of different sources to choose from. Droid Global 2.
Great puzzles, and lots of them. Choose not to download the easy ones. I so miss the Brenden Emmit Quigley puzzles. So sad.
Fun. Pretty good variety too
Good selection of puzzles. Seriously doubt this will ever be un-installed!
Use it all the time. I'm from the UK so would like to see some UK-style crosswords, but I've now become very used to the US style - they're great fun!
AWESOME! Hours upon hours of entertainment. Keeps updating with new puzzles. G2.
Works great on samsung epic! Nice variety of easy and harder puzzles.
LOVE the Universal puzzles!
This app keeps me entertained for hours. Love it!
Fantastic app
I'm hooked
Great app. Wish it got UK crosswords too
An absolutely wonderfully made app
Fabulous app...does what it is supposed to do and for free! Great selection of puzzles daily!
I'm impressed. Simple, does what it's supposed to do, lots of puzzles to pick from.
Amazing & FREE!
The best crossword app available in a landslide
Awesome many puzzles download them all or pick and choose which to update automatic or manually
Ehh.
Outstanding variety of puzzles. Easy to use w/ custom settings on my xperia x10 mini pro
Seriously great! Fun puzzles for every level
Samsung Galaxy S - Large variety of puzzles with an array of difficulties. Can reveal single squares or a whole word.
Love this app but frustrated that I often can't get back into a crossword if I've closed the app
Excellent!
Great app!
Excellent, runs great on acer liquid. Feeds my crossword addiction nicely.
6ft2 rk length
Love it!
the perfect crossword app.
Horrible, downloads tons of puzzles on phone and then force closes the phone
Tremendous.
Outstanding app.
Flipping brilliant program!
Best crossword app I've found! No complaints here!
At least an hour a day. Love it. Recommend indexing by difficulty levels.
Without a doubt, my favorite app on my phone. Endless entertainment, just download the day's puzzles and you're good to go. LOVE this app!
Great app.
Love it. Great app, great UI. Thx!
Almost perfect--I wish it were possible to have it keep my place in the list of puzzles instead of me having to scroll all the way down each time.
Great job!
Love it! Great app!
Great app. Use it every night in bed. Very good user settings!
Best free crossword game available. Downloads new puzzles every day!
Love this app. I'm completely addicted now.
Great app, but where is houston chronicle? I see it in screenshots on app market but not in actual app
Best crossword app ever!
Great app! I use this every day. Keep up the good work.
Used to work. Now it just FC's on start. Need a fix! SGS (update: corrupt shortyz dir in /data. Manually deleted and now fixed...)
Thank you for this spectacular app...10 stars
Great! I am hooked on this! Please consider adding function to jump to next clue in default mode. Thanks, John
A great version of crosswords with great features. I play it regularly.
Very good selection of puzzles from around the nation.
Great mind exerciser!!! Can there be an option to save completely solved puzzles or keep stats on that??
I love this!!!
Total crap. Force closes.
Great features, nice work!
A beautiful app which works great.
Excellent crossword app. Clues American based, but still ok for me here in UK.
I love this app, except it keeps uninstalling off my phone...weird.
Would love to see some UK crosswords!
Love all the diffrent sources! Great crossword app
Always flawless. Nexus 1
User interface and selection of puzzles is good.
Good
By far the best crossword program ever. Don't have to scramble to find paper for the crossword anymore.
Used daily. Saves paper too
Best crossword puzzle app! !!
One of the best Droid 2 apps. Awesome. Standing O!
I love this app and play it all the time. Well done to the dev.
Stopped working/ force closes. Loved it until then. Uninstalled then reinstalled but same problem.
Great app, play it a ton. Thanks for the great work!
Newsday is my favorite crossword. Can anyone else confirm that it's gone before I update?
This is my favourite app!
I love it. Prob most used game app. Keeps getting better. Not even the USA Today app has its xword. If I could donate with 1 click I would.
I love this app. My grandma got me into crosswords right before she passed so when i do them i am always reminded of her. P.s. hey emilee i have a fri
Addicting, and great support from the developer. One of my personal favorites.
Excellent. Nice selection of puzzles.
I can't help but wonder what other download sources the developer has removed in this update.
One of the best apps around. Excellent
Great-- love this app and love the updated version.
Love this app! Works awesome!
Use it everyday. Awesome app. But lost newsday xword after last update
Great app, thanks a ton. Pick and choose which xwords to download, all varying in difficulty. Enjoy.
Really enjoy this app. Thanks!
A fantastic app with an extremely supportive developer. I really cannot recommend this enough. Many thanks to Rob for putting this out there.
Awesome app most used on my phone.
I have enjoyed this for about a month. The only problem being the ease of controlling the zoom. Otherwise, it's great: a five star.
Best crossword app available. Lots of choices.
Love this app - tons of crosswords available. Easy to use & best way to kill time.
Awesome! Missing Australian crosswords =P
Great app. Love the variety.
This was precisely the type of crossword program I was looking for. Fantastic.
I love this app, but I use it for the NY Times puzzle and as of the recent update on 11/11 the Times puzzles are no longer downloading. Bug?
A little awkward movement, but a lot of fun!!!
Love the app- really nice work!
Perfect app.
Fun. Goid puzzles DX
Great on EVO. Super addictive.
Love this app! Great for crossword afficionados! Updates w/ new puzzles daily. Works well. Droid Incredible
Love it!
Nice, but doesn't support things like numbers that show up in some of the puzzles...
Doesn't make sense and is too difficult.
Love it, play every day
Especially like being able to get cryptic xwords. And variety is great.
Great app. I have several puzzles to choose from every day - some easy and some hard. App easy to use and puzzle answers included.
Great crossword app so far. How long is it going to keep downloading more puzzles for? Hasn't stopped
One of my favorite apps, thanks!
This is an incredible app. No clue how it works but I can play dozens of puzzles from different sources all in this nice interface. Kudos!
Rocks
Love it! Thank you!
Quite possibly the perfect crossword app.
I love crosswords and this app works wonderfully. I highly recommend it if you're doing crosswords all the time like I am!
Great way to keep occupied
Needs to bring back wrong letter indicators.
Some are just to hard... I enjoy thinking but not so hard it hurts. Lol
By far the best crossword puzzle for the droid.
Awesome app
Love the new daily puzzles!
Love it.... I am a junkie
Most used app on my phone by far!
So addicting... :-)
Fun!
I love this app!
Cud do with sport x words
Awesome crossword app. The only issue I've had are mistakenly pressed keys, especially when trying to press space to switch directions.
Really a great xword app. Simple and good options. Thanks.
Works wonderfully and keeps getting better!
This has been fantastic since day one.
Absolutely love this app!!
The only app i use every day. People see me playing and ask all the time, i tell them Shortyz baby!
Excellent implementation, great UI, runs smooth on SGS. A must have.
I love, love, love this app! Gives me many hrs of entertainment, and also fun while the whole family works on the puzzles. New challenges each day.
Absolutely love it. Only annoyance is that partially depressing DX camera button (easy to bump-press) inserts a 'p'.
Awesome app! Somewhat addicting though...
Great app. No force closes,nice easy to use interface. Addicting.
So wonderful! Waiting for planes, on bank line or killing time -- helps time fly and keeps your brain limber.
Seriously love this app. Automatically downloads new puzzles everyday. I use it all the time, thanks!
One of my favorites. Many major newspaper puzzles for free automatically downloaded! Thanks! I'm in heaven!
Keep up the good work!
Force closed every time, but reinstalling fixed it.
Brilliant!
Easy, intuitive. Best app I have. Easy to customize which puzzles download.
Force closes every time HTC Aria.
Love this app, only decent crossword app I could find, and I'm addicted!!
I love it. many hours of enjoyment. Vibrant.
The best app out there. It's a shame folks continue to take their crosswords from shortyz. Thanks for putting together a quality app.
My most used android app!
Nice access to many levels of fresh crosswords. Navigation is intuitive. Tools toggle to reveal clues. Fun package. --rs
Seems silly for newspapers, etc not have their puzzles available here - I'm not going to any trouble just to find them... I love this app! Thanks!
Love this app. The only one i actually use everyday.
Extremely well thought out!
Hate this app it started downloading apps that I didn't need
There is nothing else like it. While it could use work to make it more intuitive, its the best xword app ever created, actually.
Love this app! I use it everyday
Great interface, always plenty of puzzles. Extremely well done!
Fantastic app. Will be making a donation to make sure it stays that way.
It's very addictive! No problems, HTC wildfire.
Freaking awesome. Updates every day with new puzzles. I'm so addicted!
Excellent app!! New puzzles every day. N Can't beat it.
Educational. Fun & easy to use. I'm no genius and can't solve all, but definitely worth having.
Best app
Fantastic! Works great on my Droid, I'm addicted.
I love these crosswords.
An enormous improvement over pen and paper crosswords. I use this app constantly. Love it.
Great app! Fun and easy to use. I use it every day.
1 of my favorite apps! Interface does take some getting used to, but once you do its no problem. FANTASTIC APP-I play it almost every day! Great job!!
Smart and intuitive design. Makes doing puzzles on a mobile phone fun.
Great App! The latest update really is great with the NY Times puzzles.
Fantastic crosswords app with tons of new puzzles daily! Droid x 2.2
Love this app! For those complaining about screen size, you can pinch-to-zoom until you find a puzzle size you're comfortable with.
Excellent app. Thank you!
Good selection of puzzles. Great app, surprisingly easy to use, even for larger puzzles.
Love this app. Would get 5 stars if you could select publications instead of frequency.
Just about everything you could ask for in a crossword puzzle app. Moto droid.
Worst app I have downloaded shut my phone off when I went to use it
Great download! You have to turn off auto update or it will download puzzles everyday. Works great!
I thought it would be too ridiculous to try and do crosswords on Droid. Bit this app is awesome!
Great app, particularly considering that it's free! The developer is responsive and still supporting the app.
awesome...must have 4 crossword fanatics!
Messes up my phone - wildfire
Its ok. Bit of a pain due to size of phone screen.
This is the best apps and I wish this will continue forever. I love it. This is priceless. Thank you.
I can't believe this is free. If you like crosswords get this app. Droid X 2.2
Hands down, the best crossword interface I've ever seen in an online format. The selection of puzzle sources is really great. Get this.
I would give this app 5 stars if there was a lock for screen orientation. I use it every day! Keep at it.
I love this app. Thanks for the new puzzles everyday..the most used app. on my phone
Excellent app. Any chance of some non-US sources being included?
Quite simply, my favorite app
Love, love, love this app. I love doing crosswords so now I do them everywhere. And great variety, thank you so much. Looking forward to ur new app
Best crossword app.
Awesome app! So easy to use. Haven't done a crossword on paper since i got this! Love it!!
What's a 7 letter word for awesome? Shortyz.
Superb
best app out there! so happy it offers jonesin crosswords! no issues on my fascinate
Awesome but any chance of a uk one?
Simple, works great, perfect crossword puzzle ap for HTC Eris.
Everything you could want. Amazing app, great interface and ingenious controls. Didn't think it could work this well, would honestly pay for it.
Best selection
Love this app!!!!
Grow a pair. Don't let corporate lawyers bs you into thinking this app violates any law. It doesn't. I'm not going to donate now.
Very cool!
Maybe should let people know that they'll lose some crosswords after updating tho :( still a great app.
Addicting. I download my puzzles and play at school after finishing assignments. Very addicting and fun. myTouch 3g Slide
Force closed every time. Uninstalled.
What more can you say, nearly perfect.
Best crossword app available
Love this. Hours of entertainment and great that there are so many puzzles to work with.
pure awesome.
Would be 5 stars but im having problems with the backspace. Its been deleting 2 squares instead of 1. Rather frustrating. Please fix :[
Love this app. To all those who complain about it downloading things without permission - it's downloading the puzzles, not apps!!! Learn to read!
Most amazing compilation of puzzles.
Wish it had a pencil mode, but it gets five stars from me anyway. Great app.
Highly recommended
Great. Keeps me busy
Love this! A must for crossword puzzle fans
Easily the best crossword ap out right now. Droid.
The app does not suck. It does become emotionally unstable when resizing the screen. It needs the ability to lock completed words in place.
Great crossword app with lots of free daily puzzles to d/l. Most used "fun" app I have.
The only crossword puzzle with downloading
Awesome app! Great selection of puzzles as well.
Fantastic App!
It is fabulous and extremely addicting.
Love this app. Used to try and complete all five or so each day. Too many to keep up now, which is good. Excellent developer!
I really don't like the fact as soon as I opened the game it began downloading things without my permission.
I play this incessantly. It's amazing.
I use it constantly. The only crossword app you need.
Includes some cryptics; currently available under experimental.
I wish there was a way to quick jump to puzzles in progress, but I love the interface and variety.
This app is great. Im never going back to paper crosswords again.
This app is all kinds of awesome. Great work by the dev and i look forward to seeing what else you can do :)
RGDBEAR Great app!! Almost perfect - if I could only figure out how to turn off the error indicator. Sorta feels like cheating. D'Inc.
Gotta really love crossword puzzles to enjoy it.
If u like crosswords this is great with unlimited amount BUT no easy level
Love it!!! Its perfect My Touch Slide
Best crossword app available.
Love it! Play everyday!
Nice!
Best free app thus far! Play it constantly!
As good as you could ever have imagined. HTC Desire.
My favorite app! Play constantly! Thank you.
Keeps me entertained before bed and on long car trips!
Good, but is there a chance to add some British crosswords please?
Absolutely the best. Wide variety of reputable crosswords updated real time, plus NY Times if you subscribe. Customizable! AWESOME!
Love this app. Unfortunately i got a subscription to my local paper just for the crosswords a week before i found this app. Can't live without it
Top notch product. Replied within same day of an email for suggestions. All around fantastic. N1 froyo Rogers
Loads most of my favs. Would love to see Miles Mellor's diagramless puzzles, too. On first try, app did all I could want. Thanks so much!
Great app, great developer. I use it daily.
My favorite app by far! A must have!
Buggy!!!
My favorite app... i am addicted!
Wonderful! (Just wish there were more sources for cryptics...)
My favorite app thus far. Great job!
My phone wigged out like crazy when i had this app. Loved the crosswords but caused my phone to freeze and my husbands to crash completely.
Love it. Obsessed. Love the app.
LOVE this app!
Brilliant. Near perfect, wish I could see down/across clues at the same time
Pretty much identical app on iphone costs money. Tops
I love this app! It is even dummy proof, telling you if you put in something wrong!
I like this app, takes a long time to load.
Lots of puzzles! Easy to use! Became my most used app overnight :) Droid X
Great app! I love all the open discussion regarding its development.
Really fun app and easy to use!
By far the best crossword app. And it's free! Droid x
Fanfreakintastic!!!!
Love it. Could I suggest that you give its the ability to change the color scheme? If it was light gray instead of pure white it might save battery.
Love this game. Better than my paid games.
This is the most used app on my phone. Constantly developed and improved. Quick to respond to bugs and new features. Thanks for the great app!
More x-word puzzles than you can shake a stick at. Works great.
Favorite app on my phone! It's free and there are more crosswords available than I could ever hope to finish.
Awesome!
It's perfect. Best crossword application. You won't be sorry.
This is what all Droid apps should be - it works beautifully and intuitively. Genius. Donating right now.
As soon as I installed it started downloading numerous apps without my consent. Mytouch
Great app! I love that I get new crossword puzzles every week!
Best puzzle app I have used. UI is best i've used. Great range of puzzles. Excellent, more please...
Works great. Best free crossword app. Eris.
Horrible! The puzzles are "samples" that are automatically downloaded as soon as you open the app. Crashed my phone when I uninstalled. HTC Evo
Awesome
Very nice app! Wish that changing screen orientation would allow more of puzzle to be seen instead of larger keyboard. EVO
I love this app. Most used on my phone. Havnt had a single problem with it. But i have one question is there a sudoku version of this?
Love it!
Excellent app. Most used app on my phone.
So easy to use. Perfect.
Love it!
Too memory intensive
Love it!
Love it! Puzzles are great, interface is user-friendly, and developer is very responsive.
Only complaint is it doesn't auto move to next clue.
Fantastic! Just wish itd have british crosswords too x
Use this all the time! Great for when you're waiting on someone
Great app, and i love the update, 5 stars when i can configure the scroll settings just like 1st edition. Vertical scroll is messed up
Worst app ever! Downloads about 25 different things on droid phones. Also crosswords arent like they show in the preview of it. DONT DOWNLOAD!!!
Great app, amazing for my daily commute!!
Wow. Great job. Motodroid.
nice selection of puzzles, navigating puzzle a bit difficult. droid
Love it. More crosswords than I have time to do. All difficulty levels. Great apparently!
I love this app.
Awesome app. Love the puzzle variety and the interface.
Fantastic!
makes you dl each puzzle individualy. Waste of memory
Difficult to navigate. You could get around quicker if you could jump from word to word instead of one letter at a time.
Possibly the most-used app on my phone.
I luv this app and works great on my Evo.
Excellent!
My bowel movement are more entertaing. Plus, they (my poops) are simpler to configure.
I LOVE THIS APP
Great App! Updates the Puzzles daily, wide range to choose from also. Evo
Love it, wastes time at work,getting paid $28/hr to do crosswords! :P
Became my most used app overnight. Needs better movement options, imo, but other than that flawless. Great variety, excellent execution. Brilliant.
Works great. Possible to use puZzles on SD card?
Amazing app. Easy to use, fun. Keeps dl'ing same puzzles after deletion on android though.
Great app for downtime. The screen is very jumpy. Moves to different part of puzzle then where i would click. Five stars whe fixed
Awesome. . Easy to use. . Crazy amount of puzzles. DROID!
Stop reading these reviews. Install it now. No question. Htc incredible
Wow!!
Much better!
Great app, much better than anything available on iphone marketplace
Was great, but force closes a lot now
Excellent! Great break for a busy schedule
Didn't like the layout, but the variety of downloads is nice.
Top notch! Much better than I thought crosswords on my phone could ever be. It's even way to download them!
Amazing app; high quality, especially with it being a freebie!
This is the best app!! Never force-closed....ever!!
Great app. I always hated these puzzles but this app changed my mind. Love it.
Elegantly simple. Makes my commute more enjoyable.
Grrrrrrreeeeeeeaaaaaaatttt
It is perfect to work the mind each day. Free, and very challenging!
My favorite and most used app
Terrific app!
Most of the puzzles are VERY diffcult. There should be "difficulty level" option.
Nice work, and no ads! Thanks.
So... some fool gives 2 stars 'cause crosswords aren't really their thing?? Whatever. This app ROCKS!!!
Crosswords are not really my thing. So I don't really enjoy this. I just needed entertainment at the train station.
My favorite app of all time! I'm addicted.
This is by far the best crossword app out there!!! Great job!!!!
My most used app.
My favorite app, hands down
Awesome! Use it every day Evo Froyo
I've always wanted to get into crosswords- never did. This app is AMAZING! I love playing! LG Ally
Love it. No problems whatsoever on Samsung Moment.
Crashed my evo when dling puzzles. Restarted and uninstalled and crashed again. Had to reinstall as it made my phone overheat and become very laggy
I absolutely love this app. Not for beginners though. Puzzles definatley offer a challenge
Honestly the app is simply perfect in every way possible.. I use it every day.. anyone who rates it less than 5 stars is an idiot - evo
Great, does what it says no bugs!
Like it! HTC incredible
Great app. I love it.
I love this app!!!
Love it! The slideout QWERTY on the Droid comes in handy, for once.
Use it every day. LG Ally.
Wonderful app, use it every day.
Very well thought out interface! Really enjoy this app...
The best crossword in the market. The developer is open and responsive to queries!
Downloads new puzzles every day. Never gets old and it works great
Best crossword app available
Can be fussy about downloads but really excellent app and great developer support.
Awesome...what a great app. for crossword lovers. Works great..
Great app. Managing subscriptions and D/L'd puzzles is a little clunky compared to the competition, but price makes up for it!!
Best puzzle app I've found for android...had been missing my iTouch USA Today app until finding this! -Droid X
Excellently done. No ads. Many thanks to the developer.
Love this app. I use it more than any other. Great selection of puzzels.
Great app. Real crisp graphics. Fast downloads of new puzzles.
Wish it had a pop culture related puzzle.
This is my most used app...after email. I love it!
Pretty good app. Tons of puzzles to choose from.
Perfect crossword app. Use it many times every day. At the time if this comment there is none better.
Spectacular app!! Used daily. Recommended for anyone with the slightest interest in crosswords.
Great variety of sources and easy controls.
Love it entertaining
Best crossword app by a wide margin.
Excellent app - I have successfully wasted many an hour thanks to it. The interface and automatic downloads are smooth and easy to use.
Works great on Evo. I do wish the instructions were better. Otherwise it is great!
Best app period. Free puzzles daily plus option to download past puzzles. I use this more than all my other apps combined. Thanks!
Keeps getting better. The best!
I adore this app! Works perfect on MyTouch 3G Slide.
The app that gets most of my time.
Absolutely love it! Best crossword game out there. G1 SuperD 1.11.
Very Good product. The latest updates have fixed several small issues. I highly recommended it.
Great app with frequent updates and improvements.
Amazing crossword application that getss better with every update. Must have for puzzle enthusiasts.
Great app. But seriously though, too many updates.
This is one of the best apps available. Every problem has been addressed quickly and diligently, and no ads!
Latest update (2.2.12) force closes every time I try to download new puzzles...great app otherwise. Please fix & back to 5 stars!
Very best crossword game, multiple sources to choose from, updated regularly... can't be beat.
Love it! Great job fine tuning the controls, love all the new puzzle sources.
Best crossword app out there hands down. 5 stars. All devs should be this diligent making improvements and fixing bugs.
Good, but US crosswords only. 5 stars if UK (and other counties) are added. Useless as many spellings were different, and dates are in wrong format.
Problems seem fixed. Thanks for the quick update!
Great app. So far I have enjoyed it and haven't experienced any problems.
Great app for any c/w puzl lover
Latest build force-closes on download. Droid... fix please? I use this app all day every day
Great app that I use every morning! Excellent support from the developer. Keep up the good work!
Crashed my Incredible, not force closed, battery pull crashed! Uninstalled!
Excellent app! No ads and very well put together. Thx to the developer!
About time a good crossword app was released! Good high quality puzzles in bug free app. Not for people used to "easy" crosswords though. HTC Hero
Wonderful!
Great app! Improved navigation and numbers would be nice still the best crossword app. I love that it has daily downloads from many papers. HTC Aria.
Good for crossword addicts but I've used better apps.
Excellent crossword puzzles...free and easy to use. Great time killer
Needs easier puzzles (esp. for children).
Excellent app
Thank you for my favorite Droid app.
Needs to show errors on clues page 5 stars when fixed. All around best crossword app
Love this app, best crossword app I've seen.
Absolutely fantastic. Better than any desktop crossword app I've used, in fact. Do wish I could mark an answer as unsure, or otherwise take notes.
Great crossword app, wish you could pinch to zoom
Love it. Y so many updates
Hard for me but still great. No problems.
This is the best way to keep your brain in working order. My father-in-law and I both love it.
Amazing. One of the best free apps out there.
Just made the switch to Shortyz - loving it!
Excellent app - very simple but elegant. A must if you are a crossword addict. Works well on my HTC Incredible.
A great app, especially for free! Constantly updated with fresh puzzles. This is a great app to have around to kill time while waiting in line.
Very easy to use and extensive crossword app. Best i've found on the market. Make sure u disable auto downloads
works nearly perfectly.love this app
Excellent work. Love the search to skip.. but if you've disabled the search button it doesn't work. Mine is set to focus, and writes a P
Good quick puzzles; lots of variety. Driod Eris
Love it. Virtually bug free & east to use.
great application keeps getting better
Great App! Always worked fine on Droid 2.1, now when i double tap on a box to change direction it makes entire puzzle small. Please fix!
I click to a new word and tap again to change direction... if done too fast it interprets as double tap. Can fit to screen be a setting instead?
Brilliant app - but recent update confuses zoom and direction change on double tap.
Great apparently, I use it every day!
Really good game. I love crosswords, and this is the best program I've used yet.
The best. Hands down.
I love this app and now the speed is back! Sweet!
Great great great crossword game. Tons of them!
Best cross word app. Evo
Woot! Awesome xword app. Great for when I can't find the Onion.
This is by far the best (and most addicting) app. Challenging and makes u think. Always works perfectly and impeccable dev support. Motor Droid
Best crossword app ever. Love the onion puzzle. Unrivalled developer support.
Great interface, the puzzles are pretty difficult though
Great app. I have been using for about six months now. By far the best out there. And it's FREE.
Loading very slow recently?
Love it, I am addicted. Plenty of sources and easy to use. Keeps getting better! Droid
Great so far, works fine on my Hero. What I would like is password encryption for my NYTimes account.
Excellent idea and setup! If I could actually play it would probably be 5stars, but keep getting force close (mytouch)
Best crossword app on the android OS
Great app, simple, lots of puzzles. Great to pass the time
This is a great crossword app. Five stars.
great app. Would be better if it tracked how well u do on puzzles e.g. how many letter hints you use.
Love it!
One of the best apps on the market and the developer support is second to none
Very good app...challenging and a great way to pass the time
Tricky tricky gets ny mom thinking about the answers
Seems to be slower since update... droid.
Plenty of crossword. New update works great. Evo
Wonderful application. It has cryptics, my favorite puzzles. The application works great.
Fun and large variety. MotoDroid
Best crossword app. Easy and fun to use
Excellent crossword app. Options are great, automatically downloads puzzles for you. Love it!!
Love it.
Perfect !
New update highlights mistakes. Takes much of the fun out of solving the puzzles. It should be an option.
Best crossword app yet. Very intuitive and love the updated puzzles so you never run out.
Wonderful app! Crossword lovers must-have - easy to use on the go and perfect in the airport.
Best crossword puzzle app there is...
It's killing my battery downloading all the puzzles when I started it the first time. Can't figure out how to stop them. Unchecked all puzzle boxes.
Amazing app! Lots of puzzles, nice UI, highly configurable.
The highlight of errors is an option, press settings and then hide errors. Great app. Kills time at work.
I love this app!
This is by far the best crossword app I have on a phone. Love the diversity of puzzle sources too.
This app is ridiculously awesome! Every time you turn it on, it checks for new puzzles from places like the NYT, LAT, and WSJ... FOR FREE! I love it!
Really well put together, thank you
Great app
Best crossword app for Android (especially bc it's free)! Many options to customize game play for anyone's tastes. Keep up the great work!
Best crossword app, hands down.
The best crossword on Android.
Seems great, but all the puzzles are waaaay too hard for this novice
Major improvements over the last few builds.clearly the best crossword app, now.
Huge variety of crosswords. Don't have to constantly scroll down for the clues; always right at the top. Best free crossword for Android by far.
Took this on a 13 HR plane ride. Totally saved the day!
The best crossword app for android and its FREE. Absolutely love it! Great job dev! Motodroid.
Great app.
I love it. The only possible improvement i can think of would be more puzzle sources, but there are several as is.
Hands down the best app on my phone. Love all the functioning options and the selection of xword sources. Well done sir
Easy to use. Operation is problematic as it lacks zoom capability.
Well done! Thank you for making this!
Superb. Fast, intuitive, elegant
This is just the app I've been looking for since I moved into android. What a great UI!
Wide choice of puzzles, very nice interface. Too addictive though!
Perfect way to waste some time
Good stuff son! Droid
Fantastic program. Easy to use. Good sources of puzzles.
Love it!
This is destined to be the best crossword app on android. I can't go a day without doing at leaat 1. Robert rocks!
100% fantastic, best crossword app ever. Thank you for making it!
Best crossword app on the market, esp since the last upgrade incorporated a keyboard.
Absolutely great app!
Superb product! The ability to sort by date makes this one of my favorite apps.
I have to fight my wife for the phone, we both love this app!
Great interface, lots of options, automatic crossword download. Fantastic!
Good app, but force closes during puzzles after recent updates. Causes loss of entered words
Love xwords & nice challenge levels.
Downloads a ridiculous amount of stuff each time you click on a puzzle not worth the space on my phone
Great app for the crossword geek. Very very addicting.
Great app
Loads of fun! Good download.
Very addicting
Great for passing time on the train into work.
awesome app... would love to b able to change the colors and the look of it
Haven't tried the paid apps for crosswords. But won't have to because this app has it all
Great app. Especially for free
second the listings mode issue...can you add wash post puzzle?
Awesome crossword app. Gives me something to do on many a late night! ;) G1
Didn't work on incredible
Addictive but some bugs today. Downloads same puzzles 2x, and filled one in all D's...?
Great app - by far the best on Android - and way more puzzles than I have time to do every day!
Fun all around great app.
Best crossword app out. Its cheap, easy to use, no subscription required and endless crosswords. Awesome!
Gotta have me some ceosswords. It works.
Controls on MT3G awkward. Keyboard keeps popping up after I close it. Hard to navigate clues.
Amazing app.
awesome app!
Love the app, but the keyboard won't hide without going back on Google MyTouch. Help
Needs auto error feature rather than menu/show error
Abit hard but after enough puzzles, you'll start getting more
Great crossword app. Haven't found a better one yet
Very nice. If I could zoom out it would be perfect.
Great crossword app! I use it everyday!
This app is truly excellent. Slick and very easy to use.
Awesome app, one I use daily to pass the time, however with the newest update it force closes on start. Motorola Droid. Please fix this fast! Thanks
Great I like the show errors option.
Just a little too hard. Would give a five star rating if there were slightly easier puzzles.
Pretty good app. But why so many updates?
Love this! Been waiting for it!
I like the variety of puzzles but there is a bug when entering letters
Too hard ;-)
Good app, but I'm soooo not smart enough for this
This is the one you'll be wanting. Working great so far, thanks dev!
seriously best xword app ever, and one of the best android apps on the market! devs fix bugs quickly. works great
Best crossword app!
Love it.
Great app. Wish there was some way to add additional links to crossword sites manually?
Really smooth, easy to use, does what it says. If you like crossword puzzles, this is the app for you. Droid.
The navigation is easy to use. Might be worth paying for upgraded version. Droid
Great, great crossword app. Kudos on a job well done
Best so far. ..truly enjoyable!
By far the best crossword app!
Pretty cool. Doesn't work with Swype keyboard through.
Force closes every time I try to open it.
Incredible product. Thank you so much!
WOW! I LOVE CROSSWORDS! THANKS SOOOO MUCH FOR MAKING THIS!
Really quite excellent! Thanks for creating such an awesome program.
Huge improvement over Shortyz 1. You rock!
Brilliant!
Sorry to hear about your laptop, but this is a great app.
I loved the first version and this is more of the same with small touches that make it even more enjoyable. Keep up the great work!
