A great assortment of games
The game was great until I upgraded my phone. Now I can't deal. Fix or this app is being uninstalled.
This game was perfect for me. I've been playing it since 2013.  Within the last few days access to the menu has gone away. I can't save, exit, or start a new game unless in win the previous one. If I don't win, all I can do is remove the app and install it again.  That still doesn't bring the menu back.
Yanno..... I've tried so many different solitaire Games And I'd NEVER ever Change This One!!!!!
Can't deal the next row of cards like I could on my old phone.
Looks like this has been a problem for awhile and probably won't be fixed, but I just upgraded from an S3 to a Note 4 and now there is no way to open the menu to start a new game, etc. This is my favorite solitaire game I've found, but without functionality it sucks. I hope this will be fixed one day! --------just figured out how to fix this issue so updating to 5 stars. Holding down the menu button that shows all open apps actually causes the menu for this game to pop up so now i can play once again! Yay!
Card game
I love this game on my s3 cause it had menu button but on my note 4 there isnt one so i cant change the game type or start a new game. Please fix it.
This is so small can't see the darn numbers
Owner.. fantastic...Love It !!!
I have a note 4 and I can't change the settings because there is no option to select a menu.
Had this app since my first android tmobile g1. Its still the best sol game out there
This is an example of what a game should be like. It has a simple interface, doesn't ask too many permissions and has no ads. Thank you for keeping this game as described for many years!
Never fail, is a great app
Had this on my old galaxy on my new LG just like most of the comments on here won't let you deal.
Does Not Deal cards on Spider using Samsung Galaxy S6.    Worked greak and loved it on my old phone but a great disappointment when found not to work on my new S6.
I really enjoy most of the games but am very frustrated that I can't deal cards in spider solitaire on Nexus 7.
Since my Android updated, menu button on this game hardly ever works and only if I press home button, and then reopen game
Unable to access the other games. No menu setting.
I think i figured it out.  Go to settings:display: and something about hide menu, use long press of the task key to see the menu.                                                    My operating system updated and now I can't play. Lost ability to start a new game. Continuously in one game.   Frankly, this is not the only app that doesn't work right with the android update.
Simple and elegant.
Only game I ever play!  Now a new phone, galaxy s4, has no search key so I can't play.  Looks like this has been an issue for a while and still no fix.
Love
I loved your version of Spider Solitare on my old phone, a Motorola Defy, but on my LG Optima 90 there is no way to deal the cards!  Could you please fix this problem.  I have tried other versions of Spider, but none are as good and challenging as your version!!  Thanks in advance!!
I love this game!
Solitaire Ken Magic
I used to love playing spider solitaire but on my new phone I don't have a search button so I can't and don't play this app anymore please fix or I will have to find a new app!
Good
This was my first game for android back in 2008 on my HTC dream and i still install it on every phone/tablet. Sure the graphics are a little dated but this is solitaire so who cares.
It used to be the only solitaire game in the play store I ever liked. Always wanted the cards to be more customizable, though. Anyway, I recently upgraded from a Galaxy S3 to an LG G4, but unfortunately the G4 doesn't have a menu button among any of its Home buttons. So, now I can't access the other games like Freecell, the settings, save button or even the exit button. I wish there were an 'in-game' menu button, from which I could do all of that. Until that is added, it's mostly useless to me.
Absolute piece of crap.  If this is an example of Google Pay,  the hackers are going to have a field day.
Just love this game. It the best easy and fast. Get it now
Galaxy devices don't have a search button or track ball, so cannot play Spider. Been this way for a long time...seems like you'd fix this!
Great game. Never any issues!!!
I've had this game on every phone I had. Upgraded to new phone and the game is super slow with graphics... It's silly!
No way to deal new cards , once that is up dated I will rate this with the 5 stars......
Doesn't function properly on Samsung S5 thru Verizon. You can play the game but can't clear and begin a new one, no options for it.
Absolutely USELESS.
At late night I play this and it feel amazing
I dont believe the developer is supporting this app anymore.  It hasnt been updated in YEARS.  No menu for note 4.  Had to delete.
THANK YOU!!
Solitare
Does not allow you to start a new game.  Useless uninstalling.  Worked great on my SG 4.  If you fix it I will play it again.
Had a Samsung tab 2, this game was my absolute favourite. Just got a tab 4, installed this immediately and now there is no menu button, so impossible to play! Broken hearted.
Had this app for a couple of years with my new phone doesn't work.so disappointing
Nice
Small and lightweight.
How to open setting
No access to the menu on Samsung s5. Please fix it
P/s update
!
I love this game. Very low data usage and graphics are fine. Easy to play
3of4 games work great but if you like to play Spider, on galaxy s3 it will not allow you to deal another round of cards
Worked great on all my other phones. Now that I have the Avant I don't have the options to play the other types of games or even start a new game when I've gone as far as I can but can't beat the game.
Like many others, this was my go to solitaire app...until I upgraded to the Note 4. No menu key, no play. Had to uninstall.
Spider Solitaire is totally useless on my Samsung Galaxy 3- cannot deal a new set of cards - no search button.  If you can fix this glitche I will give this game a 5 star rating
Wow....
This is a great app but there is also no "deal" option for spider on my LG fuel  :(
Very pleasure game
Loved this app until the latest LG G2 update. Now I can't access the menu to end a game and I'm stuck in the last one I played
Used to work well.  Went to play recently on my galaxy s5 and there's no menu, no way to start a new game or anything.
Worked great on older phones, but lags for no reason on new, more powerful phones. Still a simple and great solitaire, best for less powerful phones.
MoreLovve
The 3 other titles work great and I prefer this game over others... except for spider. The reliance on the search button to access the decks was a terrible idea. Not all devices have this button. All it needs for a 5 star is an on screen deck to click for spider.
Pros: Very basic, simple, and straightforward game play with no ads.  Cons: No "available moves" hint, and most hands dealt are un-winnable.  Makes for VERY boring and frustrating game play.  Developer has  NEVER updated app since publishing...which means he really doesn't care.  Game is total crap. Uninstalled!!!!
Time pass games
You cannot deal the spider solitare.There are no card's to deal.  Please fix this.  I have reinstalled. Not sure what to do or if I can fix it myself. Thanks.
I had this app on my old phone and it worked great.  I have no choices on my new G3, I only get the regular game.
It is fun.
29-5-2015
The best one out there!
Doesn't work on the Samsung S5.  Can't deal cards.
Had this app for a while and just upgraded my phone. But there is no menu button now.... Which means I'm pretty stuck! Hoping for an update soon!
Solitare, Tetris
I have had this game for years on smaller smartphones. Now it has missing buttons on my Note 4 & Tab 4 so I can't play. Fix the resolution and buttons so I can play a decent solitaire game. PLEASE.
NEEDS A DEAL BURTON FOR GALAXY
I don't get it, my husband just upgraded to the Galaxy S6, which has no menu button on the bottom of the phone, just like my Note 4, but he's got the menu that pops up in the lower right corner of the screen. Could ya maybe fix this so I can keep playing it on my Note4? I had to Uninstall. :(
This was a good game but since the last updates I can no longer finish a  game. I have just played the 554th game with no wins this is impossible. I don't want to win all the time but  the law of averages says I should win occasionally.  Uninstalling and getting one that works
Samsung galaxy note4. Menu button press opens task manager and not game menu. No way to open game menu. Had this on many phones, would love to keep it. Please update it. **** been a couple months with no response & no fix. so I am deleting this app****
Been play this for 4 yrs. Samsung Galaxy S3 worked perfect. SG S5 Sport after installing it opens automatically in regular solitaire and its done, cant change games or  start a new game
Obviously you are not listening to your reviews. I will be deleting this App, several times you have been asked to fix the problem of dealing in spider, yet now in 2015 still an issue. Will not be downloading any Apps by same designer if this is the responce to any issues
Great app once i figured out that you have to hold down the task manager button to get the pop-up menu on my devices that don't have a search button
Sadly no longer works on most modern devices as it requires a menu button...
I loved to play this on my G4 but had a upgrade to Note 4 and it no longer works. Menu is also gone. Can't play going to remove and look for something that will work
Have S5 and can't access menu so can't start new game. Doesn't seem like anyone's working to fix it. It's a useless app to me now so I'm uninstalling.
I agree with all the others that without a menu button on the phone or in the app this game is totally useless. This is a shame because I always liked playing this game on my S4 and Rezound. Time to free up some space!
Great solid card game love it.
Robert hit the nail on the head... Can easily go 10 games without finishing or getting a hand that you can go no further after just a few moves. When the opening hand is all one color or 3 tens, 2 twos, 2 fours, its like playing against a computer that is not going to let you win. I don't think 13 to 15 percent winning is very much fun
Used to love this ap so much but galaxy lacks a search button so can't deal a new hand please please update
Simple ad free solitaire. Exactly what I wanted.
Can't do anything on S5! No menu options, no track ball (whatever that is), can't change the way the game first comes! No options! Update 5/3/15: claims this was fixed for the S5 are NOT true! Absolutely no way to access any menu to change game options, restart, play new game, NOTHING!
Just updated to droid turbo, which doesn't have the search button.  Makes me sad because this was the best version of spider I've found.  If they add a deal button or something, I will gladly redownload.
Simple well done, low overhead app, that plays solitaire, without any fancy fancy foo-foo.  It plays solitaire!!! WELL DONE KEN MAGIC.
Worked great on my Note 3 but not on Note 4
It's not working on samsung s5. Setting isn't available.
Really liked it on my HTC, but Motorola's don't have necessary buttons to keep app without great frustration. So, after asking for changes I am uninstalling it.
Fix it
Works great on S2 - S4 but can't access the menu on the S5 and newer Samsung phones :-( Still no update!!!!
I can't play spider solitaire because there is no way to deal new cards. Looking back at reviews this has been a known problem for 2+ years and still no fix. I will be finding a new solitaire app
I can't play spider on my Samsung S5
It's a good game for most solitaire but the spider doesn't work. You can't play it there is no way to deal.
Note 4 user
The three dots on the right side of screen that references the menu to restart a new game have disappeared. Apparently, the new version release has changed access to the menu by selecting the search function key. My problem is my new Motorola Droid Mini does not have a search function key at bottom of phone. The three function keys available are (left to right).... Return key, Main Home Screen key, and List of Previous Tasks key. I can not restart a new game...       How about tapping the clock area?
How do you deal on spider solitaire? What good is this app if you can't use it? Update your app and I'll update my rating. For now I'm deleting this app.
It's great on my nexus 7, but can't play it on my note 4.
Wow
I have a note 4 how do I suppose to get the menu to change games. Really like this game been playing it for a long time new phone new problem
In some games dealing is simply impossible one GS2, since dealing is assigned to non-existent keys. Fix this and you get 4 stars. Even after several years this hasn't been fixed!
My favorite
I had this app on my older Galaxy and loved it!  But there is no search button on my Galaxy 3. Please update for five star!
Doesn't work on device can't play anything except solitaire and i can't change any settings when I open app it goes straight into solitaire game
Can you add a menu button,? Got the S5 and my menu button is now a recent apps button and i can't get past first lost game.  Help please !
I love this version of solitaire. I can play for hours..it's a must have on my phone. Both solitaire and free cell are challenging, yet beatable. The large card art makes for perfect mobile visibility. I'm a busy woman and this app gets me there..I love it..
There are no function buttons on my note 4 to let me restart a new solitaire game or play any other games. Please add function buttons to this app. Thanks.
This was my favorite solitaire app for Vegas style solitaire until my S5 updated. It hasn't worked in months. It's locked into regular solitaire mode. Boring! All of the features are inaccessible now.
Worked great on my LG G2. On my G3, Athere is no way to start new game and switch to a different form of Solitaire
Forty thieves is highly addictive.
Since many phones have gotten rid of the search button, you cannot play spider solitaire.  The other games work, but the graphics are very poor on any good screen. The graphics do not change for tablets, leaving you with very pixilated cards.
Game used to be great but then I updated my Xperia Z2 to Android 5 and now the animations are so slow, like when I try to get my cards to move to the top at the end of the game. Hope this gets updated as it was my go to app for those moments waiting on life. Great app apart from that
Small things liks haptix feedback no longer work on ICS devices. Mostly samsungs, g3 and a skyrocket with oem ICS. S5 with 4.4 update lags badly. Shame but this is apparently abandonware with the last update in 2010.
Millie Russaw
Excellent app until I upgraded my phone to one with Android Lollipop and I can't get to the app menu to start  a new game.
Forty thieves is good
Unable to access the selections, i.e., stats. 1 card or 3 cards draw, etc.  Miss this app.
to play other games hold down multi window key (on left @ bottom of phone) still haven't figured out how to deal Spider
Small and works.
Does anyone know what type/format of forty thieves is in this pack?
So
Works great on older versions. Had to upgrade phone now I have no cards
Where is the deal deck or how do you bring it up in FreeCell? Now you went to zero. Fix your stuff dude
Did not work to well with my phone
I've had this game for years on HTC devices.   On s5, press and hold menu button to see game menu;  to deal, tap the deck.   I would give it five stars, but I can't play spider because there is no deck to tap.
No menu button on phone
Do not download this solitare!  There is no way to get to a new game or even restart the one you are playing.  Worst app I've ever installed.
Disappointed.  Does not work with Samsung s5, which doesn't have a menu button. I'll have to keep playing on my old s3.
I have recently bought the new samsung tablet s galaxy. I have no way to find the menu button.its not like my s4 phone. Anyone know where it is. I cant even find spider let alone start a new game. I have to keep closing the app and restarting it to start a new game
Good game
Great app but, that was on my EVO.  Now that I have the new  DNA by HTC it seems to chug just a bit.  I think it needs to be optimized for a hi def (true 1080 - 441ppi (totally awsome)) screen.  Also needs auto-finish added to get 5 stars. (Use auto fling).  Now, 2 years later I have a galaxy note 4.  Looks and responds great but I can't get the settings menu on the screen.  Ok, found it.   Press and hold the recent apps button.
Won't work on Galaxy S5, no menu button!
Best game play and deck of all android 40 thieves but it won't play on my new samsung tab 4. Bummer :-(  Please update!
App
Doesn't work on nexus 6
No search button on lollipop means you can't access menus or deal.  Hasn't been updated in 5 years, time to find a new solitaire game
Games
Great game
Clean and clear of ads
Used to be a five star game, now I can play for hours and not win a single play. Some times I can open it and win almost every hand, other times I can't win no matter or hard I try.
Love it
Had played it before and had a menu with different options now its gone.
Card game
I dont have a search button u need to add a way to deal the cards when you play spider solitaire
I had this app on my last phone but this new one doesn't have a button to deal a new set. Really my favorite game. Please fix this problem. My new phone is Galaxy S 5.
On my old Droid Eris and my old Droid Bionic, this game was incredibly fun. Especially after you won watching it quickly repeat all the moves you did in a game, it was a great time. However, now that I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S5 it just lags so bad that it's kind of unplayable sometimes. I still want to support this game, so could we ask for an update to fix processing and screen resolution issues?  Thanks!
Nice
S5's no longer have the screen key previously used for settings/new game etc. Please update been stuck on the same game for over a month!!!
Does anyone know how to stop the lower numbered cards (like the 2s, 3s & aces) from being placed in the back of the rows or deck?
With new phones not having a menu button on them you can't change any settings. Please fix please!
Long-tap (press and hold down) the multitasking button to simulate a menu button press if it's not available on your device.
Cannot pause, cannot change size of card art, cannot save game, NO GAME CONTROLS OR OPTIONS !
Used to love it. ADD BUTTONS so we can get to the options, etc. then I'll love it again.
This has been my favorite card game until yesterday when I bought a Nexus 4. Now I can't deal in spider...
Who programmed this game should be horse whipped with using a telescope. I give it minus 10000
I racked up 8,672 games toward a goal of 10,000 then accidentally hit the reset buttonbummer.
Great hours of fun
I have had this game installed on all my Samsung phones and it worked well. Loved it, but now with new Samsung phone it no longer works. I played every day and now I have to Uninstall it. There is no menu to switch between games. There are no controls at all.
I like the game
One of my old favorites now can't even start a new game needs fixed
Used to love this app but since I got my S4 Active cannot play spider as I don't have a search button or trackball. Will rate 5 after it's fixed.
Note 4 doesn't have trackball or search button so there is no way to get to menu.
I've tried all the Klondikes. This one is lightweight without any frustrations whatsoever. Funfunfun! Years later: phone crashed when opening the game. Must've succumbed to old age. Good bye little game
Thank you
Like it
I love it
Best for classic solitare
I have used this app for many years. I had over 27000 games on my last phone. Samsung S3. However picked up my S5 today and I can't get to work right. Can't find the button to restart or play again. Maybe it's me. Any help?
I like it's my favorite game lol!!
A solitaire game that doesn't spam you with ads whenever you deal?! It's a goddamn miracle!!
Fun and very addicting
It was my favourite cards game ..until the latest update. Developer decided to make the game so difficult that now my success ratio is 1/20. It was not like this before and it is not fun anymore. Why ruin a perfectly fine application?.. There are much better proper solitaire games out there where you can actually adjust the difficulty, do not waste your time with this one.
I liked this app on previous phones I owned but there is no way to deal on the galaxy  S5. A fix for this is long overdue.
Worked fine on all previous phones (Moto x, nexus 4) but there is no menu button on the LG G3 - can't deal new hands or switch game types!
Nice and simple. Fourty theives is my favorite.
Super app
Game
Worked great on my htc evo, but no menu on my galaxy s5.  I played one game, I lost and now i cant start a new game because there is no menu.
In solitaire
Boring game there is no new game option
Ok so so
But now I have a Note4 and the game doesn't work. No menu.no way to change games. I installed it three times and uninstalled it three times. Please fix it so it works on the Note4.
I played this game all the time on my HTC upgrade to s5 now I have no menu so I can't start new game
Works great on my note 3. No issues at all. Easy to use.
Loved the game on my Note 2...upgraded to Galaxy S5 and there is no menu button. I guess you know this and haven't fixed due to the amount of complaints you have...oh well....off to find another game.
Like it
Love it.
Can not increase size of cards. Game controls do not even show on my screen. Needs to be updated for Note 4. Had it on Note 2 worked great and I loved it. Does not work on Note 4. Please update it so I can enjoy the game I love.
Can not play spider. It is missing the stack of cards to deal. Would rate it with a 5 star if I could play all 4 games.
Does not have a menu button for my Samsung galaxy note 4.
Kinda hard to move half stack...  You have to hold, and pray not accidentally touch wrong card.. :D  Running well tho, i only win 80% x_x
Thanks to previous reviewer for sharing tip! You can start new game by holding down "multitasking window" key for a few seconds  then wallah ~ the game options appear! Yay!! **if this helped you, please mark useful so this tip stays where others can see**
I got the new Note 4 with a completely new button layout so my options are gone.
Have it on my nexus 7. worked great, Loved playing forty thieves. But tried to play it on my lg g3 and can't start new game - end a game or anything..( phone has no menu button) please help, would be 5 star's...
Every couple of weeks the first two rows on the left will freeze, and I cannot move the cards in that row. This is my favorite, so please fix! 5 stars when it's fixed!
Great game.
I loved this app..how ever with my new phone there's no way to get a new game or change game
Got to stick with it
2/28/25 I still maintain my original post that there are too many contrived (engineered) games.  Averaging 60%.  Not 'luck of the draw).
This is a great solitaire game, except as the galaxy s4 doesn't have a search key or trackball I can't play spider.
M
Solitaire
Awesome
Best solitaire game around until you cant use it for a note 4. You can't deal a new game. Please get an update quick. Your lucky to get one start right now
I had this on my old phone and loved it. On my new phone , Solitaire and FreeCell work fine, but Spider can't be played because my phone doesn't have a trackball or search button. Please fix this!
I had this on my old phone, but there's no option to deal new hands on my GS4, so it's pointless.
Love it
Great simple game.  5 stars if they would fix the deal button in spider, making it unplayable on many handsets.
I hate this game so much when i downloaded it worked FINE
Tried the others, prefer this one.
First - the game is and always has been one of the very first games I install on my phone/tablet/whatever... The rules may not be 100%, but it's solitaire. It's a time waster and fun to play. Always has been - always will be.  For those of you having trouble (especially Samsung devices) finding the menu?  Press and hold the "multitasking key". If you hold the key down for a couple seconds, the menu will appear, allowing you to start a new game or whatever else you want to do in there.  Thank you Ken. Thank you for making a simple, yet useful version of the classic solitaire game.
Very interesting game
I love this old style solitair.
Took me a while, but discovered that holding 'recent' (what used to be 'menu') button for a couple of seconds will bring up the menu. So still a great app!
It doesn't have a menu button. I can't start a new game or pick a different game. I had this on my old phone (samsung galaxy s3) and loved it. Hate it on my samsung galaxy s5.
Where is the menu button? I can't find it? I'm using LG G3. Thank you.
Simple, easy and no ads. One of my favorite apps.
This was a great app but after the last update, I no longer an able access the menu so I can't play a new game or change any settings. Fix this and I'll rate 5 stars.
No update since 2010? No wonder it's so SLOW. Tried several times to fix speed, to no avail. Very relaxing game, just fix the speed issue.
Love
Love it
Nope
Great game, not able to play spider, is there a fix coming this has been an issue for 3 years. HTC one does not have a track ball or search option available as the game suggests.
love it!
No way to deal next hand. Uninstalling.
had this game for couple of yrs nd its the best one out there...its clear nd easy to use ...
I first downloaded this game years ago and it is by far the best version of solitaire out there.  I have played it on many of my devices but on my recently acquired LG G3 Android phone with Lollipop it won't work! Help please Ken.
Using this app for over 4 years.
Best solitaire app
This is the only game which has made it consistently onto every Android device I've owned. No ads, no frills, just solitaire
If you don't have a track ball or search button you can't deal the cards in Spider. Put the deck of cards you can tap to deal in the game.
It won't allow me to end my game (which is unfinishable) soooooooo the clock keeps ticking and ticking,  with no way to restart or end the game.   I mean really?
Like others have said, no ads, never crashes. Nothing to complain about!   EDIT: Like others have said, no search button means no dealing means no spider solitaire. Could use an update.
Had a droid Razr and this app worked great, just got an LG g3 and now there is no way to get to the menu.
Best solitaire ever
Nothing more to say!!!
Cannot deal on spider. To play forty thieves, must hold down home button for a few seconds to get menu to pop up and then scroll down to see forty thieves game as only first 3 games are visible but not forty thieves.
Used to be a great app, but now there is no way to get to the menus or options or choose a game. Needs to be fixed.
I love this one. It's simple. This is the one tht I always download. :)
Love
Way to take something that has been great for so long and screw it up!!!!!!
Classic game that just works.
Note 4 does not have menu hard button. Without the menu button I cannot even picka game. Please, fix this asap
Played it all the time on my old phone, but now they have altered the menu button cant change games (miss forty thieves) please update used to love it.
On galaxy s3 worked perfectly  but upgraded to s5 and  now menu button  unable to show so can't  choose new  game etc plz fix x
Like everybody else said, can't start a new game...  in fact I've tried every possible way to win the game I've been playing since August,  and I've wasted 6 months, it can't be won.  Please fix yo...
My smart phone has no search key therefore I cannot play spider, not able to deal. Nice other than that.
I've played literally thousands of games of this, and through my winning streaks and losing streaks, I'm certain that the cards are stacked and not shuffled randomly. Several other users have noticed this. Such a pity. It makes winning or losing the game pointless.
muaaaaaa
Great game
I loved this game but for some reason I can't find the little menu button... Can't start a new game or change the settings... Pretty much pointless to have on my phone because it stays on the same first have it started with and I can't change it
It just works. Nice large display.
I wonder frequently if the cards are properly shuffled?  Four years later I'm even more convinced the starting deck is stacked, maybe to increase difficulty with long term use??  Please say this is not so?
Is awwwsummm!!!!
The best
I really liked this on my old galaxy 2, with my new galaxy 5 there is no way to start a new game!  This needs updated badly.
I use to play this all the time but i switched phones so there's no way to deal please find a way to fix that and then defently 5*
The best solitaire game for free...
Had trouble figuring out how to get the menu button back so I could play a new game. On the LG G3, you need to long press the icon that looks like two pages (contextual menu) and then the game menu will be displayed. Love this game, no ads!
Please,please,please fix my favorite game . If it ain't broke don't fix it as we say in maintenance! It wasn't broke why o why did you mess with it?? Can't play without buttons 4 new game undo &all other great features it had. Did u make so much money you don't care about us peonies who loved the game? Bring back original Please!!!
At its finest! Works, looks decent.  Samsung Nexus S 4.1.1 On the Telus Network
Update 1-18-15 Have had on my new phone long time now! Works flawlessly all the time! No problem and no battery drain! Very nice app! Love all the game choices! Very small footprint! Thanks Dev!
Can't play Spider because the ability to deal more cards is bound to the search button, which doesn't exist on my phone (Samsung Galaxy S5). Now, I can't even start a new game because the menu doesn't display.
I love how simple it is but I hate it because you can't deal the next deck.
Worked on my razr maxx hd but not on my S5.  Please fix.  Thank you.
This used to be a great app. I would play spider or freecell on it all the time. Now it only has one regular game on it so it's worthless.
No menu button to deal a new hand when using the LG g3.
I played this game just fine on my droid mini but all the sudden the menu is gone. I can't start a new game with out closing the app completely and I can't switch from plain solitaire because there's no menu button! I want to play free cell dang it!
Used to work well with Samsung S2. Upgraded to S4 and now solitare is slow moves are jerky. Not happy now.
Thanks for fixing!
Would've given 5 stars rez is terrible on my turbo
No WiFi need n Gr8 entertainment Ty :-)
This solitaire app is tops I have plenty of play time and enjoy the features such as auto move card fling
Updated review: Obviously this game developer has no interest in making this game compatible with Samsung phones. To bad it was a good app.                                        Can't play this game anymore. Loved Forty Thrives. Now the only game that shows up is Klondike. No buttons or options for other games. Worked great on my Motorola Razor max. Please fix this game so we can all enjoy it.
Can't change games on new Samsung galaxy s5.  The bottom change games screen won't come up.
In Spider I can't make a deal. On my phone and tablet no trackball and no search button. How to make a deal?
I like this program despite the gui non standardization of the spider option.. this program is one of the few games I have come across that doesn't continually run in the background and eat cpu when you exit the game. In fact, you have an actual quit button.
I just got a Samsung Note 4 and when I  finished my first  game I can't get a new deal. It worked fine on my Samsung S4.
Pass time ultimate game for boring like me. Lol
Doesn't have access to the menu so  can't start new games
It'd get 5 stars if I could deal the cards from my Moto X2 in Spider!
Love it
Works great
I have played this game for years but will be uninstalling and finding a new game. Where'd my menu button go? I can't start new games, I can't check stats, it's stuck on the same game of solitaire. ..Droid Razor Maxx
Upgraded to lg and cant play forty thieves nor start a new solitaire game...going to uninstall until it gets fixed. It worked on my old phone and i loved it
Simple, easy to use,  can 'fling'  cards, right size on my S3 & now S5. Tried 3 other Solitaires first & hated them. Eta I don't play Spider Solitaire so don't know about those issues.
I loved this game on all my other galaxy phones. Now I have the galaxy 5 & have no menu button for my settings...uugh
No menu button. Not able to play anymore. Have to un-install.   Loved playing this game on razor
Loved the 40 thieves style and was able to play just fine on my HTC Evo models, but i switched to a LG G3. I am unable to bring up the menu for the different types of game. Please fix this!
I love this game it is so addicting once you start you can't get enough of it so you should download this app
I love this game but it's time to update.
Have had this on many phones and has worked great, but I can not find the menu on my new galaxy not 4.
Great game but why doesn't my newer lg g3 have the menu button while my older htcg2 did?  Can't use options nor do anything else other than just play?
I used this app for years until I purchased Verizon's  Samsung Galaxy note3 smartphone. The Spider Solitaire doesn't have all it's buttons to play the game there for no cards can be dealt after starting the game. I changed my rating to 1 star because over a year after notifying you that the option to flip is not there, IT IS STILL NOT FIXED! IF YOU REALLY VALUED US IT WOULD BE FIXED before it's been a year!!!!! Makes me mad to lose my favorite app. FIX IT!!!!
Worked OK on note 2. Still no way to play spider with lack of deal button
the menu button doesnt exist so theres no possible way to enter the settings menu... please help
Won't  display a menu button  on a Galaxy S5. Will have to find another version  that works.
Unable to start new game before making at least 15 attempts on my Samsung Galaxy S5.  Very frustrating.
Perfect on S3, unable to find options in S5- start new game, change game options, etc.
Couldn't resist searching and searching until i found this needle in a haystack, but it's a golden needle! Thanks Ken!
I loved this on my Droid Razr, but now I've got an S4, and the app runs very slowly. Dragging a card looks choppy and unresponsive. The images are stretched and look very low res. This is the best solitaire app out there, but my phone just doesn't like it. Maybe there's a fix? If it ran well, it's a 5 star app.
On my old phone this was the best app ever. On my new phone it works well but it is a little laggy. Not sure why I go way up in technology of the phone and the app runs slower but still a good game and no adds :-)
Love the game but
Never understood why people really love/like to play this game.
Needs a few fixes for android Samsung S4.
Good game to pass the time but I have a note 4. I have no menu button. I can't change games or get to the settings.  Please do something about this issue.
Love forty thieves
Worked fine on my gs3. Now with gs5's new no menu button I can't start a new game. There is no on screen menu button. Fix plz!
Love this game on my razor. Can not play on my Galaxy  s5. It is not compatable. Wish they would fix this.
I loved this app til i upgraded my phone. Then the menu disappeared and i can't  pull it up. Will have to install another version
It does not work. It has no menu bar
Used to be great until I got a new G5 no search button no deal fix it and 5 stars
Can't believe this app still doesn't have an onscreen deck for spider. The developers still don't know that new phones don't have a search or track buttons yet, what's with that?
Won't even deal cards anymore. That's a basic concept of Solitaire! Fail....
All in one
Does not work well with note 4. Can't access options to change settings
Played well on older Ace2, but only Solitaire loaded to Ace4
Love this
Worked great on previous phone razor maxx. New note 4 and it's not working very well. Can't start a new game. Please fix.
It opens sideways on the screen. I don't want to turn my phone sideways, sorry. It wouldn't let me use my back button to exit the game; I have to go find the quit button to "quit game".... really?
Solitaire
Had this on my galaxy s4 and it worked perfect! On my galaxy s5 I can't get the menu to work to select new game. Please fix. Thx.
It's fun and easy to learn and play.
Worked great  on my HTC One M8, the menu button is nonexistent on my note 4.
I love this solitaire app is the most simple and easy app to play. And for all those who doesn't have a search (samsung galaxy s3 and so on) you just have to hold the bottom for the window and it will come up your options for new game,etc
On the SAMSUNG GALAXY S5.  BECAUSE OF THE NEW DESIGN THERE IS NO WAY TO ACCESS THE MENU AND SHUT DOWN THIS VERSION.DEVELOPERS, SHOUTCAST KEEP UP WITH NEW DESIGN IN PHONE S I HAD THIS SOLITAIRE GAME EVER SINCE I HAD THE S2 OVER 3 YEARS NOW BUT ON THE S5 IMPOSSIBLE TO CHANG OR EVEN SHUT DOWN GAME.
Someone didn't think this through. Can't get to the menu on my new phone. Samsung Galaxy 5S. It gets a 1 until fixed.
Meh
127 wins out of over 1000 plays, but that is the name of the game. I love it.
Cannot see menu on new LG S3. Bummer :(
The best
Used this app on my first Droid and on my Droid Maxx had to replace phone due to a broken screen.  Menu is gone. Cannot start new game or anything.  Please fix, loved this app for years.
Had a couple of days play but now I cannot deal from the pack of cards. I have had to uninstall and hopefully will find a suitable alternative
No way to deal out cards on my tablet as there is no button mapped .  Please update!
Never had any problems with it
Good app with game variety.  Currentl doesnt deal spider solitaire without a dedicated "search" hardware button on your phone, or a track ball.  No solution on Galaxy S5
Please add new version I can't use options to play other cards game in my Samsung galaxy 5 please do something
There is no way to deal cards in spider sol. Fix it
Not set up for current Android phone. Unable to deal in Spider Solitare. I've had this app for years and I have to move on.
Game works OK but no menu access. What's up with that? No way to ask for new game or different game.
Have no search button so can play it
Hardly can win. Very frustrating.
Good little time waster but not 5 stars because...the back button has to be pressed many times to go back a few steps. Holding it down no longer works. Also something to notify when the game cannot be finished would be nice. Good game though.
Can not deal cards on an HTC one when playing spider
Simple but superb
Before I uninstalled the game, I asked my husband to figure out what button to use on my Samsung Galaxy to start a new game.  He tapped the old button and it brings up the most recent stuff.  But then he held that button down and the menu came up!  Yay!  I can play again!
Greatest ever
N
Hasn't had an update in 4 years
Used this all the time on my old phone. Now you can't deal a new hand.
Nice game. I have installed on all of my phones.  Update, I bought a note 4 and now there isn't a menu button. How can you get to the settings or start a new game?
On my last phone this was my favorite app,  I would play spider solitaire on it daily.  On my new phone I can't deal as I have no search button. Add an upgrade for new phones to deal and I will happily change my rating to 5 stars. Until then I'll have to find a replacement :(
I had no way to start a new game or change any settings. Literally couldn't start a new game. At all. Couldn't beat the first so I was just stuck on that game and had to uninstall it.
Had is quirks and spider doesn't work but it's the best otherwise
I only have this game for Forty Thieves and I love it. I wish the graphics were improved a bit, but it a fun game. Update: upgraded to note 4 and now after many years i have to uninstall. the graphics just aren't up to standards anymore,  and there are other versions out there that look better. If the graphics get updated,  I'll reinstall.
..I like the game!
Must have updated something,  this app works on my Samsung  Galaxy 10.1 but not on my new Samsung phone. No menu bar can't change games.  Want to play 40 thieves and can't find it
Does not work on my Samsung. Is there a fix? Loved it on my Motorola
Simple, smooth, not infested with ads :)
It works perfectly and there's no ads! 10 out of 10. Would download again.
Lots of fun for me and my Grandmunchkins :-)
Great game
Works well on all my tablets,Thanks
Simple and fun, but sadly does not work with modern phones that lack a dedicated search button, trackball, etc. At the bare minimum, for dealing in Spider, there really now needs to be a dedicated "deal" button in the corner of the game screen. I'm running an Xperia Z3v.
I used to love this game on my Samsung galaxy s3 but now that I upgraded to an s5 there's no longer any way to get into the settings to change things like the number of cards dealt. Fix this,  you'll get a 5star rating!
Press and hold the double window button on the bottom of your phone to the left of the home button that normally brings up your open apps and task manager. In the game it opens the menu. I feel like a genius and an idiot at the same time.
I like this solitaire because it is so simple.
Now that android phones are moving away from search buttons, there's no way to access the menu on the game. I loved this app on my galaxy s3. But on the s5 I can't play it. Please add a menu to the game.
No way to access menus or settings on the Note 4.
Unable to deal cards in spider solitaire. No update in years. Wake up and update it you assclown.
Menu button doesn't show so the app is pretty much useless.
The Galaxy S3 doesn't have a search button so I can't play the next hand, after the initial deal.
This app was great with my LG Vortex, not so much with my Motorola Droid RAZR M. Can't figure out how to deal the next round in Spider Solitaire, and I've tried every button. Still good for regular games, but I'll probably start looking for something else soon.
was 5 stars but upgraded to the Note 4 And No longer have the menu button to start new games. Can you fix this so I Can Continue with my solitaire Addiction? Thank You!
Great way 2 pass time, quickly, whether it be 5mins., or 1hr 5mins., time defo fly's wen ur having fun!!! Most used app., on tablet + smartfone, brill.
I only use it for solitare. Can't deal on spider solitare on my S4.
Love the game but can't play spider on my android please fix
Played over 700 times! lol
This application doesn't close when you press the bank arrow on my phone. .. The back button reverses you're plays..I must force close, in order to get out... PLEASE FIX... New Note 4....
...can't play it on my Samsung Galaxy Ace as it has no search button like my htc had.  Please, please fix it!
I've used this app on several devices and always recommend it to family and friends. Love it!
One of my favorites, but it takes forever for cards to move around.
Is there no way to exit game?
Please update for Samsung Galaxy s5 because I have no menu button! !!!!
Spider Solitaire doesn't work on an HTC OneX, as you can't deal: there's no deck, and the phone doesn't have a search button or trackball. Major oversight, guys.
Not able to deal so can never finish a game.
Back when I installed this on my first smartphone in 2011 it was the best; a simple, working Solitaire game with no ads, no permissions, no selling your info to dodgy app hell, and no price.  Now it's almost 2015 and it still does the job, but it is obviously made for older tech. Large phone and tablet screens reveal blurry low-res art, and the card movement is sluggish.  It's still better than having something that will pelt you with ads, but I do hope the author updates it someday for modern devices.
Awesome
Free solitaire. Great!
It's great
No way to choose game options, restart, or start another game. Same phone, happened overnight.
My rating
BASIC GAME...KEEPS YOU BUSY.
Solitare
Keeps force stopping
What's the deal? All of a sudden I can't win for anything. Used to be able to win at least 2 times out of 5, now I've probably gone 20 or more games without winning even 1. Used to be the most fun game, now is the most frustrating one. Found another game that actually lets me win once in awhile. Uninstalling this one.
Forty Thieves
After reading the reviews, I see where an important update is sorely needed (not able to deal in the Spider game) and after TWO YEARS it still is not fixed! UNBELIEVABLE that there is NO support for this game.
I had this app in all my devices and I always play it. I've downloaded games n Uninstalled them but this always stays. I can't ever get sick of this game. Especially solitaire!
I had this game for years. Upgraded to a samsung from an htc phone. Still can't play and deal new cards. Messaged numerous times with no reply. Playstore should delete this app because it's faulty and uses data that we pay for and can't use this app because it's not compatible with new phones.
Fun easy to access. Easy to play.
.
Can't dounload
Solitaire
Used to work, but on LG G3 no button no menu
Solitaire
It works great on my ellipsis 7 tab and on my old sgs3 but not on g Vista I can only draw 3 and there is no way to accesses the settings to take timer off or anything but on my tab is awesome if tech can fix issue I'd give it 6 stars if possible but no good on LG g Vista
No BS, just solitaire!
How to deal in spider?
I've been using this for ages for normal Solitaire only, but when I tried to play Spider today, I found there was no way to deal new cards, looking through the reviews I see that many others have the same problem, and update to add that funcrion for phones that don't have the search fumction or trackball would be greatly appreciated.
Great game
Great game, works flawlessly, however, two dots on the 9s, please fix, call it OCD fix
best game
I LOVED this game on my old phone, and just installed it on my Galaxy S4. There is no search button or trackball, so I can't deal new cards, basically making the game useless. I'm very disappointed.
Worked great on my Samsung s4! Played all the time. Now on my LG g3 I have to uninstall every other day. It works for a day or 2 then the screen goes to so small you can't play. Very annoying!
AWESOME GAME
Cards can be seen!
Cool.
It's the best of the freebies.
Help
It was not me
Great, simple and fun. All of the haters are wrong here. Works like a charm. Also, to deal in Spider, you hit the search button, morons.
I now have the galaxy 4 and it doesn't have a search button. Can't deal in spider solitare
My phone doesn't have a trackball or a search button so I can't deal in spider solitaire. Will update to 5 stars once this is fixed
This app has all the games I love to play.
I have an s5 with no menu button. How do I start a new game?
I could only ask that the rules for how to play the games were on the app.  Regular solitaire is the only one I know how to play.                           OK, what happened?   I got a new Galaxy S4 phone and now there is no menu for solitaire.   The game is unplayable.  I can't get a new game or save a current game and there is only one choice of game.
I love solitaire but with the galaxy 5 I cant start anew game. The game ended and theres no way to shuffle and dtart a new game. Im deleting this app and installing another.
There is no way to redeal on this phone. I'll keep it on my Samsung tablet, but uninstalling on my phone.
Played on my old galaxy s2 fine. Got the droid maxx and it has no search button so I can't deal in spider solitaire
I have had this app since I have had a smart phone.  Note 4 does not have a button to change settings or start new games.  Please help.  Thank you.
No way to deal from card deck.  Would have a good rating otherwise.
Have to say goodbye.  Its hard to see the cards on galaxy 4.
I first used this app circa 2010, on my 1st gen Motorola Droid. I then installed it when I upgraded to my Motorola Droid 4. Yesterday,  I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. This device does not have a dedicated "menu" button. Without it, the user cannot change settings or even exit the application. Uninstalled. Fix this (add on-screen "menu" button), and I will happily re-install and add the fifth star.
This is the only game I play but I can't use it on my new phone!  Please make it compatible with the galaxy!
Loved this app on 2 previous phones but new phone has no trackball or search key so I can't play spider!
Love it
Trouble with dealing/opening menu? Try holding your non-back button. Worked wonders holding multi-window button on Note 4.
I have the galaxy note 3 and I don't have a track ball or search option. Please update Spider so that we can deal somehow. This is my favorite game and I don't want to find a new one since I know this one really well. Thanks
Can't play spider bc I don't have a track ball or a search button.  That's my favorite game. Also if you hit the menu button & a card lights up on free cell the game freezes and screen goes black & I'm tired of fighting with it! !!!!
There's no settings button for phones like the Galaxy S5 which has no menu button. CORRECTION: long press the left button don't tap to get the menu, maybe an update to include visible new game button?
Perfect.
Loved this on my old HTC DESIRE upgraded phone now can only play one game as thereis no re deal or home button can't even choose what game to play have to uninstall. Please fix as was my fav. Would off been 5 stars.
Good
It ran perfectly fine on my old kyocera event, but since I upgraded to galaxy s4, it has been very very laggy, almost to the point where it freezes.
If you press and hold where the menu button is, it still brings up the menu. I figured that out the first time I played on my new phone. I have seen lots of reviews complaining about this, but if they just tried, they shouldn't have any problems! Try it people!
I loved playing solitaire on my HTC phone.  I can't deal a new deck on Samsung Galaxy S4 mini.   Don't have the search button.  Please fix this problem.
i can play solitaire no problem.  Freecell however is a problem.  Example:  I put a black 9 on a red 10 and when i want to move them to a black jack, can only move the 9.  I've tried tapping on the 10 before topping it with the 10, but that doesnt help.  I've uninstalled/reinstalled atleast twice but Freecell still cheats :-(    It's supposed to be a game you cant lose but with Magic it is a game you'll never win.
I can spend hours and wont get bored nor tired of this gr8 game
This has been the best solitare.
I had this app with my s2 and it was very fast for cards moving to the top. The s4 is very slow. Please fix.
I use it all the time when sitting on the can
I can't move any card anywhere
I loved this version on my old Droid but no menu visible on the Galexy 5 so it is useless after one game.
Clean and simple
Evos dont have trackballs... makes spider solitaire impossible to play.... the normal solitaire is great though.
I love this app & always play it. Unfortunately the note 4 doesn't have a menu button so I can't get to my favorite game (forty thieves)!  Can you integrate a menu button into the app?
Liked this Solitaire for a long time, but it needs a graphic overhaul.
About 65% of the Solitaire games are unwinnable.
Worked great on my now dead Droid Maxx but no menu button is visible on new LG. 
Quite simply superb
Needs to fix this my favorite game but it keeps force closing on my EVO
Use it all the time.
Have used this on every device I've owned, but doesn't work on my Note 4. Specifically, there isn't a menu button so I can't choose my game, restart, etc. Fix this and 5 big stars.
Its the only game I keep coming back to. All the other ones (angry birds, fruit ninja) grab my attention for a few days and I never play them again, but this one works like a charm and is addictive.
Great app it's just what it says no more or less
This game is will designed and polished. It's fun to play especially when building your score up. I've hit nearly $7500 adding to my score. But the app has one major flaw: It is way to easy to reset the score. And there is no warning. It will just do it without hesitation. It's very frustrating to get such a high score and then simply click the wrong button and then all your hard work is gone!
Basic solitaire,  but no menu or controls when installed on my Galaxy S5.  So, I was able to play one game and that was it!
I love this game! Gerat app
Love it
I had Motorola phone before and now I have the new Samsung Galaxy Note s4 and it don't have a key to change anything. It keeps playing the same card's  (game).
Was a great, but now no menu on my S5.  Need to access a menu.
This app worked great for the luster longest time till a few weeks ago. Now it's locked in portrait view, will not rotate to landscape view. Have uninstalled & installed several times. Phone screen rotate's correctly in all other apps and functions of the phone.
I couldn't change the card selection or start over. I thought this was the same one I had before because it was the same creator but it changed :(
Can you please add a way to deal spider solitaire without a search button or track ball?
My menu button does not deal, I want to play free cell but it's stuck on one game and won't let me redeal, GS5 help me
Page
Bummer. This is the app I really like.Please fix.
Really excited about this app
Great
Forty thieves z my fav....
Does  not work  on Samsung G5
As so many others have said, I really enjoyed this game some time back, but with my galaxy S3, I don't have a search button, so the game is useless. Please fix! I used to play it on an old G1 phone, and it was almost the only game I played.
This had been my go to solitaire game.  It hasn't been updated in 4 years and doesn't work as well on my S4 as it did on older devices.
No search button or trackball so I can't deal. Had it on my old phone and played it all the time. Droid mini.
Graphics suck..hurts me eyes
Cannot get to menu.
I love this app but i cant play spider solitaire i dont have a search button. So i cant deal the 5 decks left. Can u please update and put a deal button for spider solitaire and then u will get five stars
Still unplayable on S5. Need onscreen buttons to get to the game menu.  Still looking forward to an update which doesn't seem to be coming...
Worked great on my Galaxy S3. No way to open menu on the Galaxy Note 4. Back to 5 stars when it works on my new phablet!
With the change to the SGS5 there is no menu button so I can't start a new game. Please update.
Good
Loved this on motor Droid 4 but now no options with new game or restart features. Uninstalling until fixed.
Never played 40 thieves before, now I'm addicted!
No option of drawing just one card on samsung galaxy  s5.
Sadness.  Been using your app daily for years and loved it.
Since most of the new android phones don't have a dedicated search button there is no way deal the next set of card for the spider game.  Other phones don't have a menu button so you can't even start a new game.
Great game played it a lot on my phone
No option to change game type. Stuck on basic solitaire and you redeal. Was a great app...
I, like many others, tried to contact the designer since newer phones aren't able to use the game with the current design to no avail. This was my favorite game but now it's garbage.
I'm so hooked on this game... LOVE IT
This app worked wonderfully on my HTC Intensity, but there is no way to deal in Spider on my Droid Mini, as there is no search button on it. It really sucks, because this was one of my favorite apps on my HTC Intensity. If you have a search button on your phone, I highly recommend this app. If you don't, then don't waste your time.
Need fix for galaxy devices un able to deal on spider solitaire
Card
settings for it don't show on the screen on my Samsung galaxy s5.
Not a big deal. It's kinda hard to screw this up.
Great app I used on my Behold II, mytouch 3g slide, and mytouch 4g slide. Sadly the Dev stopped updating but from the beginning he made it open source and there are a couple of more up-to-date versions by some devs. I use RKW Solitaire. It is just like this one but now you can deal by double tapping the screen.
Best solitaire app out there, hands down!
I have a note 3 and can not figure out how to deal when playing spider
Love the game but wish when I make a move it would automatically make moves too.
Good
This people need to up garder this game but its fun to play
Very good game
Had to drop it when I  changed phone as left button use has changed.
Worked great till I got the s5 I can't use it now.
The Greatest App Ever Made
I can not use the deal on spider, and i cant scroll down to read the 'help' buttons.
I love this game, I play it all of the time
I cannot remember a time when I do not play this game. My Uncle showed me this game when I was about 3years old. It made maths fun and easy to start with. I have decks of cards in most rooms. Now on my Experia its a bonus, as even when out and about my card game is with me. At 66, don't think I'll ever be tired of it. Keep up the good work. Thank you.
I had Droid x and 4 this game worked good. Now have galaxy s5 or on plays solitaire can't do any other games or menus.
My LG G3 has no search key, no trackball and there is no deck to click on.
If you have a Samsung Galaxy device, you CANNOT play Spider Solitaire (unless your device is rooted and modded). As of this review, the game requires your device to have a PHYSICAL search button. It's taking WAY TOO LONG for an update to give the whole app more than 3 stars. However, I would rate all the other games included as 5 stars.
Addicted
Just upgraded my phone. Was used to my morning coffee and solitaire. Hated the app I downloaded this morning. This was EXACTLY what I was looking for!
One of the best solitaire apps around! Multiple games on one and no fancy graphics or anything. It's as if you were playing with cards in front of you.
Dont know what's happened to app looks like it but does not do the same- cant get options now on LG. G3. Used to use it on samsung 3. Worked well- not now.
Used to love this app, but now with my S5 I can't do anything. No menu, no way to deal. Uninstalling it after 3 years and I'm sad.
This game is great. Iam hooked on Spider..
I had difficulties trying to play another game
The perfect app. No ads!
I loved this game on my old phone but I really miss being able to play Spider on the Galaxy Note 3 because there's no way to deal.
Helps me easy my mind
Only wish there was a way to deal while playing spider solitaire on the Kyocera hydro.
Forty Thieves is the best!
Thank you for a simple normal - no ads game. Runs extremely well.
Forty thieves  Where is it
Love this game. had it installed on my last three devices. Now I have the galaxy s5 and can't figure out how to deal the cards in spider mode.  If you know please share
Can't deal a new hand
Looks like a port of the Windows 3.1 version, which always worked but looks like garbage. A cleaner tablet version would go a long way visually.
This was my favorite version of Solitaire & now I can't play it. Don't know if it's the app or my phone but I'm sad.
spider how to deal
Love the simplicity of this app,  I don't need bells & whistles. :)
Please fix to make this work on my new samsung galaxy 5s!!! I don't have options. I can't switch games nor can I deal the next hand. I uninstalled it until it can work on my phone. Please fix it ASAP!!!!! I need my solitaire fix!!!!!!
Very good app
On S5, press & hold menu button to redeal, etc. Changing rating from 4 stars to 2 cause all of a sudden this app is running SOOOO friggin slow!!!! Ugh! Finish game &  just waiting for the cards to move up 2 their place took a whole minute!! So  much for my 1.13min record....
Great way 2 past the time
Poor graphics
Yep,  I love solitaire as much as the next guy,  but the updated software on the S5 had done away with the menu option so there is no way to get to a new game! Please fix!
Was my go-to time killer on my GS2, but it runs SO slowly on my new GS4 that I'm  uninstalling. I'm totally bummed!
Had to download a second app in order to play spider solitaire due to there being no track ball or search button. galaxy s4
Seeeeeeexy
Classic Solitaries
I love this game and play it several times a day. Unfortunately, it doesn't work on the galaxy 5. The menu button at the bottom of the phone no longer operates apps. I will change rating when it works.
Can't resdeal on Samsung s5  can't play the game
No menu button on LG Vigor. Can't restart a game or play a new game.
Worked fine on my S2, can't switch out of solitaire on my G3.
Great
Really disappointed this worked great on my HTC HD but on my Samsung S4 it's so slow it's painful to play :-( therefore uninstalled
NO RECOMENDADO - VIRUS -
Simple, clean and ad free.  What more could you ask for!
Nice game
The only thing that would make this better us more solitaire games. But other apps with eleventy-billion games just aren't as friendly to play
Worked great on droid 2 global, I rated 5 stars in 2011. Now I have Galaxy S III and no search button so I can't deal in spider, so frustrating. Moving to a new solitaire app.
Great no fuss no ads
Really love playing the games I Just can't stand the fact that I cannot deal another hand on spider solitary. Really needs to be fixed. Very frustrating 
Sos
UI just as Windows game.  I play it daily
Love playing solitare, especially these!!!
Nice but cannot deal with new Moto X.
Great game I will play all night. ..
Had to rereview back up as I discovered the legacy secret menu button with the new Galaxy S5 phone design. Thank you interwebby for holding the keys of knowledge.
S5, can't deal hands. This was my favorite on my old phone. I'd like to use it again.
Using Samsung s4 there's no deal button for spider solitaire add one plz
Like many others, I don't have a search button or a trackball which makes dealing impossible when playing spider solitaire. I really liked this app but not sure why I should keep it now. Why hasn't this been fixed with all the complaints?
Could you please add a way to access the menu option on Galaxy S5. Since I changed my phone I can't play this game, it's impossible.  Please do something soon
Unable to deal on spider solitaire on a Galaxy S4 since there's no search button. I have emailed the developer several times and no response.
Ugly
Love it
Used to use all the time! New phone has no trackball or search button so no way to deal!
Games
Love it
This is by far the best solitaire app. Never has bugs. Always works perfectly.
And this is very well done.
Cards jammed.enjoyed for a couple of years. Can't play anymore. Samsung s5.
It's fun !
I had this on a previous phone, worked great. But now on my gs4 it's so slow. The cards move at a glacial pase it's ridiculous.
Nice on a rainy day
I love this game
This game worked great on my GS3 but I've upgraded to a GS5 and there's no menu to deal or end the game or anything else. Fix it please.
Worked great on old phone but on my s5 I can't deal a new hand because the phone doesn't have a menu button. Update needed!
My g3 doesn't have any options available to deal in spider.
Time Killer
There's no menu to end game or change on my 5s.
This worked great on my Droid RAZR M but I don't get a deal button on my Samsung so I can only play one game. Will rank higher once fixed.
Can't start a new game!
very good and interesting
Great until I got a Samsung galaxy s5 now there's no menu do can't do anything. Can this please be fixed?
There isn't a menu button on the app so the Galaxy S5 can't start over or clear it.
This used to be the best solitaire game out there. Not anymore, no menu key. Can't deal next game or look at stats.
How do I deal in spider?  I can on my old phone but I can not on my new phone or my kindle.  It sucks because I've loved this game
No way to deal on my Galaxy S3. In-game Help advises me to use my "trackball or search button". Don't have those.
What gives? I upgraded to  Samsung Galaxy 4s and now when we try to play the Spider game, ya can't flip the next deck! Let us know how or If you can fix it, we'll go back to 5 stars.  Thanks a bunch Ok I just re downloaded AGAIN with my new upgrade. 9/4/14, thought this bug would've been fixed by now. Going to uninstall once again. Sorry but till you fix the bug where no menu comes up to set up your way of playing, card types/looks, simple stuff but I like to have options. Thank you.
Fun game, and works well. The only thing is the "auto moves" on my Nexus 5 is much slower than on my old SGS1 making the finishing time in Free Cell higher. I think it may be a fixed speed based on screen resolution, because the N5 is much higher res than the SGS. Also, the cards are not looking as sharp on the higher resolution.
Horrible app. Was great, but now you can't reset game.
S5 no longer has a menu button.   You guys have to provide in in the game.   I can't switch games without it.
Does not have a menu button. Not compatible with Galaxy S5.
There is no way to get to the menu, for this game once you down load it. I just purchased a Samsung Galaxy S5 and it does not work. I tried it on my wife's phone too, same phone - same results. I loved this game on my HTC 4G-LTE, worked great!  I'm Uninstalling!
Good Game
Simple and great because of it. The only thing I dislike is when it auto plays. When it is time to play a card, I want to do it. One of the best solitaire games I have played.
good
Not enough games
its solitare...yay...
Nice and simple
Love it
Well I like the game play, very smooth, easy and fun to play. However seen what people were talking about with the ads...kind of a bummer. I'm not the best at solitaire but consider myself decent....1 out of 6 so far won...another bummer. But I like a challenge. We'll see if I keep it. Also did like that you can change background :))
Great game but no way to deal cards on newer devices.  Needs to be fixed and will give 5 stars.
Solitaire
Sime n nice
I cannot use the app on the Samsung Galaxy s5 because the buttons don't match up. I would love to use the app, but no changes have been made to adapt to newer phones.
Had this on my galaxy s4 and loved the large card display.  With my s5 I have no option to switch to other playing modes.  Please add a settings button on the playing screen!!!
All you need with no extras
Cool
I used to love it on other two phones ive had but got a new phone. ( lg g3) and it doesnt work.
Gs5, no way to deal spider
Can't play this game on my new LG G3
Still no menu button for phone that don't have one.. been waiting a year to play this again..
Can't even start a new hand when I can't finish it
Superb game
Used to love it. Upgraded my phone & now there's no button for new game or to even switch solitaires. Please fix!!!
Love it
Best solitaire app, but now its unusable...
I've had this game on several different android phones.  It's been the same on all of them, there is no way to deal the next hand for spider solitaire.   I've played it several times on the computer and love the game but can't play it on my android.   Update with a way to deal the next spider hand and I will give a 5 star rating.
Solitaire
Played this all the time on my RAZR Maxx, can't even switch games on my Galaxy s5. There's no way to pull up Forty Thieves at all. It's a useless app now. Uninstalling the app.
It's ok byt cards arent very  big.
Good game, just no options
Cards don't move smoothly with my note 3
I have had this app on every cell phone I have owned because of Free Cell. Just up graded to Galaxy S5 from Galaxy S4 and there isn't a control button anywhere? Please fix I miss my entertainment and I will give you a 5 star rating.
Fine
Loved this game. Played all the time. Have tried other versions and did not like. Now unable to get to menu button for new game or options. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still no luck. Help.
I love this game. I haven't upgraded my phone because I don't want to to lose my score. Is there any way I can transfer my account? I need a new phone bad!!! 5 Stars as soon as I can transfer, for now 4.9.
Love the solitaire, but the spider one doesn't have any way of dealing. Broke my heart. So I'm not happy with it anymore.
My phone doesn't have a trackball or a search button. It would be easier to just have the deal button under menu or on the screen where I can tap it. Like a double tap to deal. Besides that, great game. Will five star when deal problem is fixed.
I love it, my favorite game is 40 theives. I don't like the fact that I can't deal in spider. I have a note and it doesn't have an option to deal. Please fix. I can play original solitaire and freecell.
Needs an update!!
Great version on solitaire. Always the first thing I install on a new Android device.
PLEASE!  Update it for my s5. I can't deal.
Loved this app on my Sidekick 4G, sadly my new phone (Samsung Galaxy Avant) doesn't have a menu button so I can't do anything - deal a new hand, play a different game, etc.  Five stars once I can play again! Edited to add: found the menu option by reading other reviews.  Please add a note to the description explaining that for phones without a menu button, you need to hold down the "recent apps" button to bring up the menu.
Simple, easy-to-use,  fun
This app worked great on my Samsung S III...but has problems on LG G3. I cant stop the game or start a new game...
Simple. Works as it should. Perfect
Same as others. I had this on my old phone. It worked great. My new phone does not have search and cannot complete a game.  So I will have to delete this app unless it is updated REAL soon.
Had this for a long time on the S3 and love the Forty Thiefs game. Have a 55% win rate. Now moving to S5 so hoping it will as good.
No options for set up.
Its one of the fun games
Supper
I loved this game played it all the time on my Droid but the menu buttons went away last week.  I uninstalled land reinstalled it a few times but still no menu.  I never could play spider because there was no way to deal but that was OK.  I enjoyed the others.  Please just give me the menu button back.
Droid Maxx... Can't start a new game... Please fix and I'll change the rating
Love this game. Always playing. Great fun. No probs with it
Installed this and the screen was small than the average phone. This was installed on a tablet with a 10" screen. The screen area of the game was less than 2"
If you can't find the menu for dealing new game,  exiting game,  etc., press and hold your left button (the "recent apps" button).  This is how the newer versions of android accesses menus.
Never have problems with the game even with my droid razer
Good
Pls adjust the screen resolution for spider game for samsung galaxy note 2 as I dont see the option of deal...pls add screen rotation according to the sensor....
I played this version all the time on my Samsung nexus and I ABSOLUTELY LOVED it, but now for my S5 there's no menu to start another game, so I'm stuck on the very first one. Please fix it!!!
Please add an on screen button for dealing cards in spider mode love this app best one I've found so far and I looked at a lot will change to 5 start when fixed thank you
Spider solitaire won't/can't deal the next row of cards........ This sucks because this version of solitaire was the best that I've came across. Please update
I play this all the time. It's very fun and has no ads. Oh, I noticed a lot of you say you can't reset the game,  i figured it out. Press *and hold* the menu button.
Just got a G3 and loaded Ken Magic solitaire.  There is no menu so you can't set game parameters, start new games, etc.  Wonder if it can be fixed by developer?
I enjoyed for so long.  It's only need an update for Samsung St.
No money
With the menu change on the s5 I'm not able to access my very very favorite solitaire game which is 40 thieves when I open the game now it only opens it to the default solitaire and I'm not able to change it to forty thieves because there's no menu on the toolbar any more.
Hours of fun
just like i remember
I like its retro style though
Good
Why does a card game app need access to my phone numbers, info on who is calling and location???
I loved 40 Thieves on this game, have been playing it for years. But just now out of the blue it has stopped working, there's no menu button on it anymore.
Best solitaire app 4 me.
I love
Gooooood
Sgs5 can't deal next hand no search button or track ball to push please fix loved this game on my old phone
I have had this app for years, but with my new galaxy there is no longer a menu button on the phone face or a search button. The only options I have are back and the ability to see my open tasks. I want to keep this app, help!
Not only is it free, but small in size compared to other solitaire games, and it has no ads! Awesome!
I've been playing this game for 6 years, since my 1st Android phone. New phones have no menu button, so this game no longer functions. Wish someone would write a new simple solitaire just like this one.
No complaints!!!  
I've had this solitaire game on my phones forever. But without a search button I cannot play spider. Needs a deal button.
Used to play all the time on my droid 2 global now can only play regular solitaire all the other solitaire games are unplayable because there is no way to deal the deck.
I can't believe how entertained I get with this
Simple
LG Vortex
Nice
Easy
Always the first app I install since HTC G1
Ive tried every solitaire app the playstore has, I always get frustrated and end up looking forever for this app. Soooo much better, simple and doesnt take up 10-20 mb of space on my phone. For when Im bored this app is the best, simple and actually possible to win.
Doesn't fill the screen on my Razr.  And now I can't play it on my Samsung S5 ... there's no menu button! :-(
I have modified   sources to be able to deal card by double tap  on screen. But it seems that  the code has not reached the google play store. Hope that it will be soon.
No menu button! Can start new game or switch to forty thieves. Please update  for phones with newer software.
This was my fave games app on my htc phone, used to play Spider all the time. But changed phone to Samsung S4 and cant deal cards in Spider game!! As other reviewers have pointed out there is no option for this so the game is unuseable on my phone now. Please fix as I miss playing this!!
On Galaxy Note 3 you cannot deal on spider solitaire because there is no search button or track ball. Maybe make it an option under menu?
Love it
Perfect little game
No search button on my phone to deal.
Needs an update for Galaxy S5 - no menu button!                                          Ah! Worked it out: long press on the recent apps button. Make it 5 stars because it is so much  better than any other solitaire apps.
Worked great on my evo lte, but just got the s5 and I cant deal another hand or get into any menu
it'best...
This plays very much like the classic version on Windows OS. The touch interface works well.
Solitaire: :
This worked great on my Motorola. Only plays straight Solitaire on S5. No way to access other games. Fix this!
It was awesome,  but for units without a search button,  you can not start a new game.
Loved this game, however it is not compatible with the new Galaxy S5! S5 doesn't have a menu button, it has a recent tabs button where the S3 and S4 had a menu/settings button.
but I can't figure out how to deal the nextt hand in spider solitaire. Until I get an explanation it will not get 5 stars.
My phone doesn't have a search key or menu key. It's a shame because this used to be the best solitaire app. Galaxy S5.
Loved this version on prior smartphones.  Now,  workout the menu button, can't deal 2nd hand.
I used to play this game on my Samsung S2. I just bought an LG G3 and the game plays a lot slower, there's no apparent way to stop,  restart or end the game or access to the menu to do so.  What a shame!
This is a great game, ran amazing on my S2 - on the new S5 however it runs slower than it did before - that needs to be looked into otherwised it would have 5 stars from me - ALSO NOTE FOR THOSE USING GALAXY S5 - you must HOLD DOWN the menu button for 1-2 seconds to pull up the menu in the game
I love this game
i cant complete a game of spider as you cannot deal any ards and the game level of all games is so hard me, a 14 year old that is quite good at card games, and my mum, who is at 'expert' level, can never complete a game. uminstalled
It good
Ken Magic Solitaire
Can't start new game on galaxy s5. There's no back button.
Nice game
Nice
Ok
It's my favourite of the bunch
I have happily installed this app on my last 3 phones n played it daily. I loved all 4 games. Just got my new LG and there is no search key so there's no way to deal that I can figure out. Or please lmk how to play on this phone n I'll reinstall.  5 stars when I can play again 
I can't get the game to switch to a new game
All good
I used to love playing this on all my earlier phones, but my new phone doesn't seem to have a button to deal/options. Please fix. I need my forty thieves fix.
I have the Nexus 4 and with Android 4.4.4 the three dots to get to the options menu fails to load.
Menus HUGE, can't see entire menu on my S4 after installing Gummy ROM. otherwise love this game.  Please fix!
Since the last update was 3.5 years ago I'm guessing it's never going to work on S5.
I love the original solitaire game, but there's no way to deal in spider solitaire on a galaxy s4 since there's no track ball or search button. Try putting an icon on the screen.
Can't stop playing! I love it!
Plz upgrade dis best card game for kitkat
Can't stop game to start new game nor switch games on Samsung GS5...was favorite game on Droid Bionic!
Hours of enjoyment a must have app
Not so good. Had trouble restarting deck and exiting. Uninstalled it.
One of my all time favorite app
I enjoy solitaire, and I appreciate that this app is lightweight and contains a few different variations.
not support display2k
Exilent
Solitaire
I don't know how to switch to different games from my galaxy s5, when I open the app it goes straight to one game. I have no menu or anything to play the other card games on this app.
I really enjoyed this game on the Samsung s3, but when I updated my phone to an s5 it no longer worked. Waiting for an upgrade
Spider
Cards are blurry and hard to read
No search key to deal next hand
Bangin
Spider solitaire requires a search button or trackball, but my lg phone doesn't have either of those, so I can't play it.
Like this game
Menarik
Cant end a game an start a new 1
I like these card games
I've been using this app for years and love it. But I just got the new galaxy s5 and there is no search button, so there's no way to deal. Guess I need to search for a new solitaire app. :(
You've
Still can't deal cards in Spider. Therefore, can't play that game. I had a Samsung S3, now have an S4. The search button is covered by the game.
I used to love this game but I just got a new phone and now I can't deal cards because I don't have a search button.
The game is great except for one thing. There isn't a search button on my provider so I can't deal. If that is fixed where there is a deal button on the game then the rating will be five.
Very addictive
Needs an alternative to the search button for new hand.
Doesn't work with the S5 since there is no menu button on the S5.  Build a menu button into the app!
Great app when I was using this one Samsung galaxy 3 but very slow on the HTC one
New phone has no search button, no way to deal in Spider. Loved the game before!
I have tried over 10 different Solitaire games on my phone and this by far the best.....Until I got my s5 and now I can't deal in Spider because there is no search button or deck. Please fix and will go back to 5 stars.
I got the new Samsung S5 active and it doesn't have a search button and I can't deal.  I see a lot of other people have the same problem.
Great app. Play all the time.
Had this on my old phone and is awesome, but i got a new phone and Unfortunately I can't deal because there is no search button on my galaxy s 3 and no option to deal:(
Had this game on my old phone and loved it. Just upgraded and new phone doesn't have a search button, sadly making the game unplayable. Will get 5 stars as soon as there's an update with a deal button.
Love this game. i can only play spider because I don't have the key to deal. Wish the developer would fix that issue.
Had this so forever but there is no deal button for spider.
There's no track ball to deal cards. If you have EVO there's no search or track ball to deal.
Loved this on this on my HTC Vivid, but on my HTC One M8 there's no search button and no way to deal.
Small cards only con no issues so far had 3 years
On my old phone there was a simple way to start a new game. Now, there's no way to start a new game.
I enjoy these games even though I have no idea how to play 40 thieves.  Now that I have it on my S4 I cannot play Spider.  I used to rotate the 3 games, now I only play Klondike.
On old Droid RAZR it worked great....on the new S5 it does not work....no way to access the menu to start or stop a game.
Where did the menu go?
Can't deal in S5. Need a deal button ASAP.
Great simple app that is small and requires very little memory to run!!
fun! decent app.
Loved this app on my old Incredible 2. But my new LG G2 doesn't have a search icon in the menu so it doesn't work
I loved this app on my previous phone but I don't have a deal option for Spider on my new Galaxy S4. Please update soon.
Works great and I can play for hours with little battery life.
Just wonderful
Works like I expect it to. Holds Las Vegas scoring system as an option.
Can't end a game. All it all  ows me to do is play the same one over and over.
No ads. No permissions required. Absolutely the best.
Love this game. The only issue seems to be that when playing Spider Solitare, there is no way on an Android phone to deal new cards. I have tried everything and nothing works. So, if you just stay away from the Spider  Solitare, it's Great!
Great little app. Best time 1:20.
This game is okay but it seems impossible to win. I installed this game last week and I haven't won a single game. Moreover it keeps crashing and causes my tablet to freeze. Too many ads keep popping up in the middle of game play. Horrid and a waste of time.
I have the S5 and there isn't a track ball or search button.  Can't deal in spider solitaire which is my favorite game!  :( Please fix and I'll review again after
Ugly graphics
Terrible.
Great game like to play
Been playing this since my Galaxy Epic 1 and now with the latest HTC ONE I still love it...I don't play spider at all...forty thieves and the occasional classic. Graphics are laggy but the game is challenging and awesome. I don't have any other card apps.
This game would be good if the stats were not messed up. I was close to 1000 wins without a loss and all of a sudden I had 985 wins with 986 attempts. I never quit a single game.
I love it.
One of the best apps I've ever seen. Simple and robust.
Multiple versions are provided in this app, but only the classic works. Spider solitaire's lack of a deck with which to deal the remaining cards is a great disappointment. I am keeping the app just for the regular solitaire.  By the way, this game has not been updated in 4 years.
Requires a menu button to change games and settings, which the S5, and many other modern phones, do not have.
Very good and seems bug free
Need to find a way to deal the cards for spider without having to have a search button. I usually just play forty thieves because I am unable to deal on spider.
Love the program but if your phone has hardware keys you won't get the menu button.  With out this, you cannot deal a new hand or set options.
Forty thieves great challenge
Loved this game on my old phone. New phone doesn't have the button needed to deal in spider and there is no on screen button to tap and deal in that game. Please fix-i miss this game.
I had, and loved this app, on my Motorola Droid Bionic. Installed it on my Samsung Galaxy S4, but it is absolutely useless since I can't deal.  I am sadly uninstalling it.
The small cards were a little hard to read, but they have an option to make the faces bigger, so after that,  PERFECT! Takes up MINIMAL memory too. Thank you,   developers!
Sometimes the simple games are the best!
Spider doesn't work on Samsung s3 and support has not been added in a long time
There is a need to add a soft menu button as the hard menu works differently on the S5 and there is no way to access the menu.
I love solitaire and this app is the best one
No  problem
Sux
Mostly I play forty thieves which I would give 5 stars for but I got a new phone & a new tablet which is impossible to play spider solitaire on either. Says to tap the search or deck of cards to deal but game has no visible deck & neither the phone or tablet have a search. Looking for another version to install that will work. Have a lot of the same complaints here.
Fix the dealing issue please.
I have to look for you toooooooo many time's. Just got a new phone you better keep me in the mix, or i will not be happy ....ok yes I will. Thanks.
Love this simple game, a classic.
This is what we want
This is called addictive
Playing spider, there's no way to deal the next set of cards on newer Samsung phones. Dude, you really need an update. Plus, you don't have an app for tablets. You don't deserve the one star, but this won't let me give you a zero. Either update or pull the game all together.
Simple and ordinary which makes it very good
Game
No search button, no trackball how does one deal the next round as in spider. Been this way since the update. Please fix this or its gone from my phone. There are other apps out there just hate to leave it with a single star. A fix will increase the stars.
I LOVE this game on my S3,  bit with menu button on the S5, it is impossible to play anything other than regular solitaire with default settings.   As soon as you update I will come back.  I love playing forty thieves,  and I cannot find a decent substitute to tide me over until then!!
YUP, ABSOLUTELY THE BEST SO JUST GET IT. 
I just love Ken Magic's version of Splitaire Classic
I gave it 2 stars because I really liked this game on my old phone. On my new phone, I can't get it to deal the next set of cards in Spider. I don't have a search button or a track ball and no deck is visible to tap. I have tried all the buttons and tapped all over the screen on my Samsung Galaxy S4 Active without the desired result.
Best solitaire on Google play
It's been great all the way since my old HTC Droid Eris on Donut, but I just got the HTC One M7 and it's running KitKat 4.4.2 and it's a laggy, low frame rate mess. Please fix this thing. I'd rather not have to use a different solitaire app.
Used to work but menu bottom is now gone.
Horrible app
Only 4 games but design is clean a and crisp, play is very responsive and the restart and undo options are nicely done.  Would love it even more if it had Golf (maybe in the next release?)
good game nice simple graphics and good gameplay. would be a five except like others I have neither a trackball or search button so can't deal in spider needs an on-screen button to deal would be a big help!
I absolutely love this game
Can't deal.. Weird game.
Nice
Game frozen.  I can't fix it.  Great on galaxy S. No deal/search button on S3. Can't play game.
There's no way to deal.  It's retarded.
Needs update for sg5. The phone doesnt have a menu button so I cant change settings
Love this game.
Used to be 5 star. But it eont work on Galaxy Samsung S5. No menu key...onky recent..so there is no way for me to get to spider game or to see or choose any solitaire options like deal one card.
Luv it
4 types of card games in less than 1 MB, simply awesome!
I loved this app on my old phone, but my new phone doesn't have a search button which makes playing spider impossible. I hope a fix is in the works.
I had this on my Galaxy Nexus, but I just got a new S5 and there's no menu button to deal a new game.
Android RAZR M I can't deal the cards in spider solitaire it says either hit the deck or use track key. There isn't a deck to touch and I have no track key???
I liked this on my droid x but can't play at all on droid mini because there's no button to get cards to deal in spider solitaire
Sam
Problem is, I can't play it on my new phone as I don't have a search button or a trackball. Please fix this or put a touchscreen botton to deal cards, thanks.
Can't deal
I play this game every night b4 going to bed and have for a few years now but with the last update I only win about 1 in 10 games. I used to be able to restart and play the game until I could win and I felt I got rewarded by winning but if I didn't even try I would go about 3 games before winning. Now that doesn't even matter. I probably will delete this app and get another version.
Black about 5feet weight about 110 he alway speak to big Kenny he know his father name ceesea will he may be with bgf group i thought he was with the crips i don't know who the girl was
Can't play on the new galaxy 5s
Wonderful app!  I have had this app on every phone I've had since 2009.  It's great.  Never an issue with it!!
I loved this game on my Evo, but now on my S4 it's slow and glitchy as hell, please make it run as smooth as it did on the Evo
Best so far
They were correct. The game doesn't work half the time.  Unless it isn't suppose to deal cards. If that's true then it works perfectly! Call me crazy but dealing cards is part of it or idk maybe folks here might play differently where I live. I'm on Samsung Galaxy 4. Of all the smartphones out there, you would think apps would work on the new ones. Feel sorry for people with an "old" phone trying to use this. By "old" I mean last year and yes this is called sarcasm. Uninstalling
Great way to pass the time.  But, just got Samsung S5 and nothing on screen to change games or start new one.
Gud app
Pretty cool way to pass the time...
This is by far the best solitaire app I have found,  but now that the new Samsung S5 doesn't have a menu button I can't start a new game,  making it useless.  Please update!
Uninstalling. Very disappointed.
Needs a menu button on the S5. Please fix ASAP
Why is it fuzzy.?
Cant deal new row for spider solitaire :( otherwise love it
I loved this app on my S2 but the S5 doesn't have a bottom menu button. So no access to the menu options. I am stuck in the middle of an unwinnable game of solitaire.  Shame.
Great app but no button to deal cards on ICS and up
Can't go to new hand...
Perfect
4 games in 1 and little memory .. what more could you ask for .. and it all works!
This was my favourite game on my Nexus One. I have just upgraded to a Nexus 5 only to find that I can't deal in Spider because there is no trackball or search key on my new phone. Please update.
There isn't a menu key to get a new game or change settings on the Galaxy S5.
Title sez it all
Only game I play.
Loved this game on my S3 but now I can't use the features on my S5 because there is no menu button on the phone or in the app. Please add the menu choices in the app. All the apps now have the button included.
I've used this one since my first smartphone.  Classic solitaire.  Always playable, never a glitch. Top notch.
Does this game wotk woth S5? I can't get it to work. I dont have the "settings" info.
Been using this one a couple years now. Never had an issue. Small easy to use. And performs perfectly   Galaxy S3
Would be best card app  but needs a pack to deal from in spider solitaire
If I had to have just one app on my phone, this would be it. Perfect. Edit: Been playing this since original galaxy s days and it was the first app installed on my xperia z2. Cannot be beaten.
Unplayable when playing Spider on my HTC One X as I have no search button, so I can't deal the next cards.
I used to be able to play this game however I can no longer deal bc my new phone doesn't have a search button other than that I would give it 5 stars please add new option so that I can play and rate 5 stars. :)
Pre desided game. Am uninstalling.
To change the game on the gs5 you simply need to hold the new "recent" key. Instead of opening your recent apps it gives you the black drop menu you know and love. You're not stuck on regular solitaire anymore
Great lightweight implementation of classic Klondike. Surprising 'fling' functionality. Excellent!
Has everything you want and nothing more
Galaxy S5 does not allow you to get to anything but the basic solitaire game.  No drop down menu avaliable.  I loved playing this group of games on my S3 :(
Simple and beautiful
New phone and can't deal because galaxy note 3 doesn't have a search button.  Please update and I will reinstall.
Used to Love this app. Unfortunately I can't play  it  on my new  samsung Galaxy s5.  There is no menu button do you can't toggle between different games and you can't do anything but use the back button. Disappointing. This game was the reason i left apple and now it doesn't work on samsung!
Worked well on my GS3. But with no menu button on my new GS5 (Kit Kat 4.2.2), there's no way to exit the app.
Love it
As someone else said, on the galaxy the only button doesn't deal it takes me back to the home screen of my phone. Really irritating. PLEASE SORT THIS
Got the new galaxy 5 today and much to my dismay I no longer have a menu button to deal the next hand. Please fix ASAP! This is my favorite pastime!
Can you do an update that allows a user to move the app from the phones internal memory to a memory card.
Yeah AH HA
Update this for newer phones...
Nice game. good, low small size  big fun..
Addicting
Love this game but i can't play spider because i don't have a search button or trackball & the deck doesn't show in spider.
Excellent
I have the Droid Ultra and can't play since I don't have a search button either. Can't deal a new hand. I loved it on my last phone. Would love to reinstall when I can play..
Kills time with ease
Until I got my new phone n I cant deal the cards with out a search button. ..
Love it
No deck to tap, no search button on phone, so I can't get a deal on Spider.
Loved it on old phone, can't  play it on my new gs3!
Please fix it so we don't need a track ball or search key to play. This was my husband's and my favorite game until you changed it.
Love playing it
It's such a simple program, doesn't glitch and doesn't eat memory
its laggy on a quad processor, its perfect on the rest :(
That is awsome
I used to play this game on my past phones, but as my current one (ZTE) has no "search" button, I can't deal any cards. Until the app changes, I can't really play this game. :(
nice
This game is very good
I have been playing the two deck game and won the last 100 plus games but I csnt finish the last game becsuse two cards are missing. There goes my streak!
My older droid had the search button but new droid mini does not, so I can't play this anymore. Was my favorite game. All the other solitaire games have too many ads, and don't have as many game variations as this version. Please Ken Magic fix so I can play again
On my phone I have no search button so I can't deal in the Spider game.   Game needs an alternative method.
I have had this app on every touch phone I have had now u can only holding the phone upright an won't tilt sideways
I never win.
Every device Ive owned has this app. Never had an issue and great for passing the time away :)
Had this on my HTC. Had to find it again for this commando phone amongst so many others. That is the only negative, was hard to find.
Thanks
Ignore those who say u cant win. 25% wins here, normal.. great game, gets better with updates! 5*
My favorite solitaire app. Small and simple. Includes 4 games.
Radical.
Can't play spider solitaire. There's no way to deal new decks.
Well the game runs slow now and it is noticeable.
Worked great on my incredible, would love to use for my tablet but the author would need to add a deal button to spider for devices lacking a physical button to press to deal cards. I originally overlooked 'designed for phones' in the title, and nearly left a low rating.
Simple and to the point. My favourite.
Excellent
The game is one of the best but I can't see the reason for the permissions. There's not much privacy in this world anymore. It would be nice to get something of this quality without having to bare all. Think about it and do what's right for a surprise. That's why the two stars. I'd like to give five. But not with the permissions. And I uninstalled.
I like this game but the only thing I really play is solitare. I dont know how to play spider so I just play the other two. I do like that it automatically does the moves that are makable. But on my other app it has a hint button and this one doesn't. Its still a good way to pass time
Luv this game i play every day! Works great on my rooted samsung indulge.
I'd rate 5 stars but I no loger have a search button to deal and I can't play spider solitaire. Please fix.
There is no search or scroll wheel on galaxy s4 so I cant deal the next hand in spider
Obsessed with 40 Theives and this is the only Solitaire app I have found with it
Very frustrating that I can no longer play with my Galaxy S4. Stopped using the app when I upgraded phone 6 months ago. Figured they'd have a fix by niw and tried again. Still unable to deal cards bc I don't have the required search button or track ball. Hope they fix soon.  This was my favorite solitaire app before!!
Best solitaire
The menu button went away on screen. No way to change games or end game.  Uninstalling till fixed.
Love it
A bit plain, still the best, have installed on all mobile devices. Easy to use.
App
Loved this app on my Droid X  but on my droid Ultra there's no search button so I can't deal when playing spider solitaire. Please find a fix for this obvious oversight
Worked great on my old phone but my new one doesn't have a search key so I can't deal the next hand. Ugh....
I love this solitaire game it is fun and simple to use with great graffics
Easy to use. Cards big enough to see and move. Fun
Simple, nice, works!! 
I love it it should. Be famous yaaaaaaaaaa.
Great game
I have had this app for a long time. When I got a new phone without a "search" button, I was no longer able to deal on spider. Please make a new way to deal.
Hours od druma free fun ...thanks.  :-)
Amazing
Love this version perfect for all smartphones and tablets
Love this game! Have it in all my phones and tablets.
It's fun and challenging at the same time.
Love this but the Spider solitair does not deal on my HTC ONE.
Just got a Galaxy Note 3 and tried 3 other versions of solitaire but didn't find them as easy to use as this one. The others are too busy. I just want a nice simple game to play when I need to kill some time between flights, meetings, etc.
This is a poor game I don't understand why you can't go to a new game
I love this game but my galaxy 3 doesn't have a search button to deal on spider please fix!!! I will change my rating if it gets updated!
Love all the games in it. But could use better display
Not to many other card games give you all the best ones. Oh thank you. If bugs arise fix them quickly.
Love this app, but spider solitare game is unplayable due to no search button nore track pad.
Ok
Best app
Solitaire is a great game to play
I like very much
I've had this game on many different phones and loved playing it but my new phone,  Samsung Galaxy S3, has no back button so game play is now limited. Please rectify this problem sooner rather than later as most new phones are coming out with less buttons nowadays . Also I don't have the 40 thieves game.
I've had this app on various phones for years, but my newest phone has no "search" or "menu" button making it impossible to deal a new hand. Time for a new Solitaire app,  I guess.
Works great.
Looking for offline solitaire.. no ads, no net access. This fits the bill.
I LOVED playing this game in my old DROID Razor, but recently upgraded to the DROID Ultra, which does not have a track ball or a search key, so I have no way to deal a new deck! Fix please!
Please update this app! My husband and I love playing spider solitaire but we can't on our new Samsung Mega because there is no way to deal the next cards! "PLEASE FIX"
It worked great on my my old phone but now I don't have a search button so I can't play spider...please update soon
If you're looking for a good solitaire game that does what it's supposed to this ones great. No fancy graphics or anything, just a solid basic game. There are a few variations of solitaire within the game but I only play the standard version. No ads which is awesome. I have had this app on several phones over the past few years and never once had it crash or had an issue with it. Great simple app.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE update this app or optimize for newer versions of Android!!!  It's hands down the best Freecell and Solitaire app out there and I've tried about 15 of them, but keep coming back to this one even though it has become frustratingly slow on my HTC One.  Honestly, I would pay money for this to run faster on my newer phone...
Fun and easy to use.
addicted to this game...can beat solitaire in 1 min. and 21 sec. Needs update tho
Can't deal in spider on the newer phones with no trackball or search button . Developer isn't updating game. Over 100 complaints on website . Really lame !!!!!!
Great app, but ever since I got galaxy 3s I can deal new deck of cards. There is no search button or tracking ball.
Galaxy S4. Unable to deal cards when playing spider.  Really disappointed.  Used to play this all the time on my old phone.
Works great! Love that it actually does what it says it does!
Not fun
I used to have this app on my ZTE warp. Upgraded to HTC one sv and downloaded it again. Simple lay out and easy to use.
Worked great on my old phone. My HTC one, doesn't have a search button or a track button, so you can't deal the next hand. Will increase stars with an update/fix.
Can't redeal. New phone doesn't have browse button. Fix for five stars.
Cannot play Spider because there's no deck to tap, no track ball to click, & no search button to press. Other than that, works fairly good.
I miss my game!! 40 thieves!!!!!
Love the choice of games but shame spider still has no spare cards to deal so you can complete game.
Had this app since the HTC G1 and love it.  Installed on my HTC One Max and runs peachy.
Great application Because Someone Can Learn Some Much Like There  Playing At Casino In Real Lift For Expect This Is Game Will person Can Not Win :)
Worked great on my old phone. There is no way to deal on my new one (note 3). Please fix! There is no deck and no button to push to deal the next hand. Ugh. Frustrating. Rating a 1 til it's fixed.
Ok
Can't play spider. No deck...
Fix the spider solitaire and ill rate higher
Unfortunately, this app hasn't been updated since 2010 and there is no way to deal cards on phones that do not have a search button (or trackball?!)
Great game!
Spider solitare is unplayable being that I do not have a search button or trackball. SGN 3
Just because u can't win out of 10 games, it doesnt mean the app isnt good . It's not the app its YOU ! Just cuz u cant play for life , doesnt mean that this isnt a great game . U probably should download solitaire 4 kidz and put it on extremely easy cuz sweetie u NEED IT !!  P.S.   Anyways this is a great game and I  recommend u install it ...  ... Hey Robert , u probably have 15 cats !
Thanks
Enjoy
My new phone doesn't have a search key. I can't deal cards.
Not working
All of a sudden I can't deal the next hand in spider solitaire or move the decks once I place a card. Ummm this wasn't like this, and now it is. I am sad :( FIX IT and I'll change my rating. Otherwise this app officially stinks
This game is perfect. If you like solitaire, download it. It has a nice variety and a type of solitaire that I haven't seen on any other app.
I really liked it till it updated. Now it's so small I can't see the cards.
Best solitaire game on the market
Thanks
Rad
I loved this app on my old  phone, but now on the moto g I can't deal, switch to any games but original, pretty much do anything. Update!
Hurray for a solitaire game that actually works!!!!!!!
Can't use on my HTC as have no menu button.
Love forty thieves and spider however can not play spider because you can not deal without a search button. However still giving 5 stars because this gone has best size cards and movement.
Not able to get to settings to new game
Simple, no ads, no gimmicks, just classic games. Sweeeeeeet.
excellent
I play this game a lot on my old HTC tattoo, but my Motorola Xoom doesn't have a physical button so I cannot deal again on spider. On my nexus 5 it just doesn't play well with the touch, it only selects the bottom cards instead of the whole column.. It's a shame, as I think it's the best no nonsense card game..
I loved playing this game, on my old phone. I only have two buttons on my new phone (HTC One) which are the back button and home button. I can't play spider solitaire because of that.
Nice and simple
This is just one of those games that you have to play before going to bed.
This app does not allow you to play all of the games on the S4, if it did it would get a higher value rating.
DOES NOT WORK ON SAMSUNG GALAXY SII
Why the fuck does a Solitaire app need internet access? Well, this one doesn't. Highly recommend this app.
Was great on old phone. New one can't play spider, but play anyway. Went &found diff spider.
Live this version
Like others said, can't deal because I don't have a track ball or search button.
I love this app. My kids say I  love it more than them. Not true but I love the variety of games and tend to play freecell a lot. Great app. Few bugs. Big smile.
Why do you need to read my phone calls
I have a Galaxy S3 and I can't deal on the Spider game.
Downloaded to every phone. Simple, no issues, only app that never gave me problems.
Loved it on my HTC Rezound but it does not work on my HTC One. Bummer.	Bummer. Give it 3 stars coz I loved it on last phone (5) and can't use it on this phone (0). Average is 2.5 rounded up to 3.
thank you
New phone, now I also cannot deal the next hand, I also heavily used this app on my previous phone. I guess I will be uninstalling, very , disappointed.
No deal ability for spider and I have played at least 100 forty thieves games in a row and never win anymore.  It used go be great..
Needs a deal button for spider solitaire. Otherwise great.
Only draw back is that I can't find instructions for versions I don't know how to play, but quick Web search fixed that.
Simple look and more friendly.
But there is no way to play it on my SGS4. I know this has been an issue for awhile,  is it really that hard to write in a deal button?? I mean, I'm no app designer, but I feel like this shouldn't be that complicated to fix...
The perfect game for the phone
Unable to deal cards in spider solitaire; no search button to use..need a fix
Its start mess up and want play sometime.
Great app
Cannot reset game.  Pitiful.
I lobe this app but for one of the games I need the push the search key inorder to get the cards delt, problem is I do not have a search key, my HTC one sv only has a recently visited app icon. Help!
Uninstalling....can't deal more cards when playing Spider on Galaxy s4 please fix
was one of my favorite games until could no longer play due to new phone not having a search button. Please fix...
Just updated from samsung galaxy to galaxy s4 and I don't have a search button so its not working now. Please update program because I can't live without this game. I will change  back to 5 stars after fixed.
5 * with one tap fling.  landscape view and card size are great. also size of app is super. but features are more important than size. ;)
He should be charging for this since it's so good!
Have lost hours on this game. Addictive!
Sadly you can't play Spider, can't see or play the deal cards, otherwise the other games are great
Had this on my Desire S and it wasted a lot of my time, great game.  However on my new HTC One the game runs slowly on card animations and can't deal new cards in spider game.  Please fix, loved this game!
Because gs3 doesn't have a search button the cards will not deal when playing spider solitaire.
Great game for keeping your mind active
Nice
Very nice app
Was 5 star but after getting the s4 there is no way to deal cards when playing spider making it unplayable
So so bosssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssdssssssssssssss	So
Game crashes every 15-20 games and screws up your stats. This also locks up your phone. You have to remove the battery to reboot. Devs are unresponsive in addressing the issue.
Great game
By far the best solitaire game on market
It is the most amazing game
Love that game
Best solitare available
There are functionalities missing when you do not have a dedicated trackball or search button. Solitaire works perfect though
Cannot deal on next gen phones.   App is antiquated.   Will reinstall with fix.
If you have ever no search button, you can't deal.
Best game
Long standing best simple, ad-free solitare app out there!!  Really wish it had more HD large card faces, slightly crisper cards for phones versus tablets.  SGS4 fonts are grainy when readable large fonts used....otherwise, fling feature is the best operating out there.  Interface is the benchmark....please make more HD/larger cards and Portrait mode for those of us who would like to use 1-handed and would rate 6 stars if I could then!!
Gave this 3 stars originally, would have given it 5 if I had been able to play spider, but now I have installed it on my new phone, I literally got to play 1 game of Klondike, couldn't' even get on the option menu! Sorry, uninstalling it now:-(
Best solitaire app I've found ! Has NEVER crashed or frozen ! Love it !
Cant deal new hand in spider solitary cuz there is no search button or trackball on the galaxy s3. I used to LOVE this game. Still like the other solitaires, but very upset with the spider!
Nice game that I can play anywhere. I have it on my phone & tablet. It works fine on my phone but I can't deal on my tablet so I can't play spider solitaire.
No matter what phone I use, I always choose this app. It's easy to use, lots of fun and has no ads. I'be tried other solitaire apps before but they don't compare. Thank you!
Same complaint as everybody else
I love play solateir
essential app, 100% must-have:)
I love this app. Simple, clean, nice game-play, range of solitaire games and a number of options. Been playing for years.Unfortunately I've just upgraded to an Xperia Z1 which has no trackball or search button...  so no way to deal!! 5* for the three or four years of previous pleasure drops to two for not keeping up!
Best solitare game! Other games too? Epic!
I love it
Love this app its awemazing
I love that there are no ads. I can't stand apps with ads.
My secret obsession ....
This was best solitare game on old devices with trackball or search key... Unusable on new devices with Google Now
Galaxy 4, can't deal next hand during spider play.
My favorite version of solitaire out there. Great job
Jerry Fath is a MENACE!
Installed this game on 6 phones now. Can't function without it!
Full timepass
Can't get spider solitaire to give me another deal of cards when im done sorting the first ones. We have a main button and back button and menu but no search so fix please i love this game!Samsung galaxy s3
i have a Huawei and i only have back button, home, and menu.... does anyone knows how i can deal ? nothing works if i touch screen to try to deal... no search button... thanks for the help.... i had this app on my old LG and it worked very good...
I love this app
Fun when you are bored
Good
I love this app. I had it on my Samsung Fascinate and played it all the time. But on my Droid ultra I don't have a search button so I can't deal for spider. Please fix soon. Or I'll
Luv it
There's no menu button on the version I downloaded to my HTC One, so it's stuck in a unwinnable game. Otherwise a great gameplay without annoying ads.
Its a good game
I had this app on my old droid and loved it, but it doesn't work on my new galaxy s4 (no search button to deal).
Until the Dev adds deal  possibility for touch devices , 1 star. Works great on HTC desire, but can't play spider solitaire on nexus 5
Great solitaire program, been using for a long time. But the animations are laggy since I updated to KitKat.
Graphics a bit dodgy
Best app
Recommended as the only solitaire game I've found with no ads, spyware or suspicious permissions.
Love this game
More versions of s  Ider solitaire
Not battery stressing,  low file size, and plenty of features. Galaxy S2
Can't get spider to work on a Samsung Galaxy S3 no way to deal cards
Perfect
Not all the games work with the galaxy note 3. If that could be fixed I would play it for hours.
Works great!
I like this app!!  :-):-)
Really good game to pass a bit of time !
I don't have a trackball or a search button on my Note II, so playing spider doesn't work for me... Any way this can be fixed?
Very Good
Love this solitaire. Best app in my opinion
Clean playing and easy to use, this is the solitaire game!
No gimmicks,  no ads,  just solitaire.  Yay
Love this game!
Can't.deal cards on spider solitare
When playing with 2 decks on spider solitaire, you can't deal the next set of cards. You have to start a whole new game. If you fix that you would be a 4 star
Very sad. Just upgraded my phone to galaxy s3, and spider doesn't have a way to deal the cards.  :-(
It pretty good game
Almost never updates, opens directly to last game type. No loading. No $. No BS. Only problem I've ever had was touching restart when cards were swipe-stacking caused freeze.  Stacking could be faster.  Very happy.
Good solitary collection
I can't deal because I dont have a trackball, trackpad, or search key.
I like very much
I would like it if  it would explain the rules of some of the games
I loved this game, very simple, doesn't use much memory space, but you can't move it to sd storage and now every time I try to open it it says there was an error and closes the app. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still can't open it
This app does not work on Moto X.  There is no trackball or search key on my new device to deal cards in Spider...
Can't deal in spider.
This is the only android solitaire I trust.
I had the phone on my incredible 2 and loved it but now I have the Galaxy S4 and there is no way in spider solitaire to get the cards to deal because there is not a search button. ..card stack. ..or trackball.....If they fix this I will re rate the app but I can't use it until then
Love this app
Awesome
Love the app. Please accommodate for the newer phones that don't have the search button or track ball (i.e. HTC One). Cannot play Spider.
Fun and challengeing
Best app ever!!! I play everyday.
I like it :)
I love it
Love this one.!!
Since the software update to Jellybean it does't save the games and doesn't start properly.
Love forty thieves, wish I could get it on my PC.
My favorite,  cant sleep without it
Very good apps.
Worked brill on my old galaxy ace, installed it on my s4 and its so slow wtf talk about backwards
It'll be even better if you can pick what game you wanna play on free cell like you can on pc. I like to see how many games I can beat starting from game 1
When you start a new game would you please have forty thieves show up in the viewing pane so I don't have to scroll down for it each time?   I play it often and on the Samsung galaxy 4 you have to scroll for it. ..takes time.  Appreciate development here to eliminate that and make new game box shorter
The best
U
Works great
I love this app it just works
You can't deal because we don't have a trackball or a search button. Very frustrating. The company has gone silent on the topic.
Love it!!
Very fun and addicting game.
App is great, except cannot play spider on android 4 systems. Please update to change the deal out on that game.
Sweet and simple
Great app!  Note 3
The spider solitare not working
Great
Does not work on moto droid maxx. No menu button so you can't deal or change options
Well
Love this app
5 star or 1 star depending on which phone you have! Please show deck on screen in Spider for those without trackball (does anyone have those any more?) or search button.
Mehedi
The best game out there!
A bit slow on the SG4 but ok otherwise (only play simple solitaire & can't vouch for other games included in download).
It's a brilliant card game, played it for year's now.
LOVED this app, but changed from HTC Evo to LG G2 and app doesn't work b/c there is no search button. Down from 5 stars to 1 b/c of this. Have to uninstall for now. Please fix!
Can't play spider solitaire on my new phone please fix.
Was once great, but a nonstandard UI, combined with a lack of updates, means that half the games (spider and forty thieves) are unplayable on newer devices.
The game play is fine but the graphics are from the 80's.
Stat tracking is a great feature. Go ken games!!!!
You can't deal the new stack in the spider portion.
But spider can not be played on my galaxy s4 because it doesn't have a search button.  Please update app to work on all phones.  Thanks
Can't use track ball function on Note 8.0
How exactly do you have a solitaire game that will not allow you to deal the next row. My phone does not have a "search button" when i am in game play. I deleted a perfectly good spider solitaire game for this? WTF?
Loved this app on my old phone. Please fix so I may continue to play.
I love this game. On my old phone I could deal a new hand on spider solitaire. Since I upgraded my phone to S3 I can't deal a new hand, because there's no search ball thing. Please fix this for S3!
It disappoints me cause I can't deal on spider solitary. Please fix it on an update
I don't know why, but it started running really stuttery on my nexus 5. If u cud update it just once to run with android KitKat n even if u wanted to charge $2-$3 for the app or run ads in between games, I would be sooo sooo thankful. Please consider
Like others have said with the Samsung Galaxy S 4 the search button is no longer available so you cannot play spider solitaire please add the stack of cards to the screen so you can deal the cards from there. No ads, yay.
very addictive!!!!!
Can't deal on my Galaxy Note, how about adding some basic functionality, would love to keep playing.
Can't deal cards in Spider, hoped to find the solution on here but seems like everyone had the same problem so please fix this issue!
Love it
Nice
I love solitaire I grew up watching my mom play.
This version is three years old and it is still the best one on the market. If you just want to play solitaire and don't need a bunch of spamy extras then this is for you.
Keeps me busy when I'm bored.
Time pass
I liked this app on my old phone but I can't figure out how to deal in spider solitaire on my Samsung Galaxy S4.
I had an incredible 2 and this worked great but now I have a galaxy s3 and it won't let me deal a new deck on spider. Please fix!
I absolutely love this game. No ads. No junk. Just solitaire. Responsive controls. Flick to aces saves time. Keep installing only this one version on all my devices.
Love playing this game &bingo
Please update app to suit new Android.
I loved the game on my old phone,but I cannot play it on my new phone,
Good
I've played other solitaire apps that are just riddles with ads and with color and design schemes that make me dizzy. This one is simple, works, and is my favorite time killer.
This version of solitaire was my favorite until they would not/could not keep up. They have been told about issues since the inception of this version in 2010 and have not bothered to address it. If your phone or tablet does not have a search button or a track ball you cannot play spider solitaire. Mobility Ware has a free spider game that works great. Switching over now.
I played this all the time on HTC sensation, but since switching to HTC one mini I am unable to deal. I've unfairly rated this 3 because I appreciate how hard it is to keep up with changes in phone tech...
Unable to deal in spider - no search key or trackball on my phone or tablet
The only bad thing about it is spider solitary don't have a place to deal the cards.
I have the ice cream sandwich version of a phone and I could not draw because I don't have any of those buttons
Can't start a new game. Pause . Please fix!!
Love this! Only version I will play. Sleek, good looking decks,fast. Love everything about it. Spider is the best. Upgraded from a Droid to the new LG G2. Can't play Spider now. No search button. Please update this game for the newer phones. Please!
R
New update is worst a man can get..
Seems to be an old game that still works on my latest phones and tablets. Kills time very effectively.
Good old fashioned, straight forward solitaire; nothing fancy about it; doesn't run in the background
Love it
Please, please, please update so that I can deal with this phone. This is my favorite card playing app.
Love it under my old phone but could deal the card on my new phone HTC one.
No way to deal when playing spider on a tablet :(
A great game, yet a small data/memory and fast and easy to download and play! Add more games like egyptian screwed or slap jack... Need instruction maneral cause all I know is the game spider solitair... THIS APP WAS UPDATED 2010 :( bad... Not keeping track
Are you ever going to fix the Spider Solitaire problem (can't deal on newer phones)?  It's been months.  Please fix it or let us know so we can find a working Solitaire game.
Does not work on GS4 and tab 3
Best solitaire game out there!!!
If only the screen wold rotate... how hard is that to make happen.
This game is great for traveling and is awesome to play.  Definitely a classic
Cant deal new cards on spider solitaire
This is the best free solitaire game out there and has no adds. Giving it 5 stars for being light weight and bugfree.
Spider wont work and no forty theives
Loved this game on my X2.   Got a Galaxy S3 and can't deal when playing Spider.  Please fix.
Love it.
Cards are small & blurry. Tried a different app and it was fine so its not just my tablet. Maybe looks better on a small phone??
Love
Since it is not possible to deal card on Samsung s3 mini I am rating it 1 star ..once this is fixed I will rate 5 again ..brilliant game when it works
I used to have this game rated as 5 stars because I love it but you cannot deal in spider solitaire. It's pointless now.
I have an htc one (huge screen) and there is all kinds of empty space, yet there isn't a 'deal' pile or a back button or anything else showing up in these games. I just downloaded it and now I'm uninstalling it.
Worked great on my old phone. Can't deal cards on LG G2.
He
Nice it
GREAT app when it first came out. With newer phones now spider solitar is now unplayable.
Rane
My favorite. No ads, easy to use. Perfect.
One of the best straight solitaire games available. Nice, clear graphics and nice user interface. Spider mode is useless on all devices I've used since there is no method to deal more cards. It appears to have been designed for long obsolete hardware platforms.
I've had this version of solitaire since it can out ages ago and it can't be beat. It's a basic but good version of solitaire and related games.
Very good app
I loved this simple interface on my HTC Thunderbolt, but I just upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy s3 and now I can't figure out how to deal the cards in the spider game!
Small size, great looking, the best playable game of solitare for android system. The only game on my phone
Exlant
This is by far my favorite solitaire game,  but since upgrading to the galaxy note 3 I can't deal cards anymore in Spider solitaire. Please add an alternative way to deal cards! Maybe something like double tapping on the screen.
No way to deal the deck please fix
Needs a fix for phones that don't have a trackball or search key... really disappointing, used to be my favorite solitaire app.
On old samsung gt-p1000 this game works faster and smoother than with xperia z...nonsence.
I have the Galaxy S4 band can't play Spider Solitaire since I don't have the button to deal the cards with. Lost the ability when I went from slider touch screen to Galaxy S3 then S4 Active. Add a different way to deal out the cards on Galaxies so I can play Spider again? I miss it!!
Tried the others - this one wins
Crappy graphics but I like it anyway
Kinda hard to get started & winning. Hopefully this game gets a little quicker.... Lol
Nothing worse than that CRAP
I've enjoyed this version of solitaire for a while, but I would like to be able to play spider solitaire again.  My last two phones have not had a trackball or search button to deal, making it impossible to play spider solitaire.  All the others are good though.
Just perfect
I can't deal more cards in the spider solitaire game. I have nexus 4, does anyone knows what should I do?
The forty thieves game is very addictive! I've played 6000 games in a year. Thanks
Great game. Ideal for time pass. I don't mind standing in any queue for any time as long as this game is there.  I play only FORTY THIEVES; as other games are too boring for me. I learnt this game by myself; by trial-and-error.  I had a winning %age of around 4% in the beginning, but now I win almost 20% of 40-thieves.  I rate 4.75* for this app. There is an UNDO option, but no REDO option, which is the biggest disadvantage. Had it been there, then I would have given it 6 out of 5 stars.
Spider solitaire game quit working doesn't have a deal button on my galaxy 3 phone.  Other two games work fine.
Very good game
OK
I play every day, no issues or bugs.
The app is great. I got a new phone and this phone does not have a track button or any way to deal. I am not sure what to do.
I would have given this game 5 stars plus more but since I got my new phone Galaxy S4 I can't deal n Spider r Free Cell. Please fix this r else I will b forced to uninstall this app.
Nice game and my favourite things to do with the latest version of the most popular games.
For anyone who just wants to play solitary without the crazy special effects, ads, or anything. Perfect.
Love this app, had on HTC, now on Motorola Droid.  Problem is can't deal in Spider, no search button.  Hope this can be fixed.
I simply love this game. No ads & gui is also cool ...
I love this game
Simple. No adware.  Best one I've played
Sucks ....NO auto rotation, sounds, score, controls, just a big zero.  Uninstalled!
Ggggggh
Great!
Emailed developer and received no reply. Deleted.
There is no deck to deal
I like this program but I can not deal cards. This locks out spider solitaire. Please put a deal button on games that require dealing.
Nice apps
Great It provide almost great app
Love this app, so simple but entertaining. Only problem is that I'm unable to deal in spider. I know I've done it before this new phone but I can't figure out how to do it now...
There's no way to deal whilst playing spider solitaire of the Samsung galaxy s3. Would give more stars if this gets fixed.
Good choices 5 star in my book
Guys, this hasn't been updated in 2 years. I doubt they'll fix the new dealing problem
Echoing all the other reviews. Love the game, can't deal Spider Solitaire. Please please fix. Will fix rating as well.
What more can I say.
This was my favorite solitaire game until I got a new phone with no search or touchpad buttons.  I'm unable to get a new deal in spider.  =(
Bilu
Games are great expect forty thieves. I cant deal. I don't have trackball or search button on phone other than that games are great to play.
Really enjoyed playing this game until I got my samsung galaxy s4. No deal button! Please add a way that I can can deal cards in spider game without a search button or track (galaxy s4 doesnt hv one)
Loved this app on the evo. But now I have a Galaxy S 3 and there is no way to deal in spider solitaire.
Played this on a friends phone and wanted it on mine but I don't have a search key, my phone has a "genius" button so I can't play spider which is the one I wanted. Sadly had to uninstall
Can't deal on new phone
Good for what it is.  Needs an update for phones without a dedicated search button.
What good is a Vegas score option when u loose it cause it keeps resetting. Fix it and its a 5. Aaaarrrgh! So frustrating.
Works all the time
Had this on the G1 and it still rocks :)  Been playing this for 5 years now. Way to go Ken Magic!
I love that it has no ads.  Fun and a great way to pass time.
Great!
Good, dependable across many android phones. Awesome swipe with float, auto place, back button, stats and more. A creation.
This game has been great, fun, and simple! Ever since the ota update to Jelly bean, the search button had been permanent assigned to Google now/search. Need fix!
Spider doesn't work w galaxy S4.
Would rate this game 5stars if i had a trackball or search key to deal the deck.... Needs a fix for this!
When playing spider solitaire on Galaxy 4 there is no way to deal so I can't play!!! Please fix!
I use when I'm not sure how long I'll be waiting for something; it automatically saves. I also love how it will let you take back your move if you make a mistake.
I need help I have a samsung s3. When I play spider solitaire I cannot deal. Should I reinstall it ?? Please help!
Nice game.... Simple and easy
Too few play options
Love Forty Thieves on this app! Best ever!
Perfect!
This app is simple and doesnt have all that extra crap most of the other ones have. It gets the job done.
Easy to use and totally addictive! Love it!!!
Like it
The scenarios are not natural
Best on the market. No ads, many game modes.
Excellent!!
I've played this game for years and love it but now have the Galaxy 3 and can't deal the cards.  Please add this option for phones that don't have trackball or search button.
Solitario
I love all of them but I can't deal new cards on Spider since I have a Samsung Galaxy S4. Really disappointing.
Good game
Great game
I played 92 games an had 3 wins, I use the game to relax, it does the opposite.
Rhis is probably the best solitaire app. And only 87kb!
Overall, this is a nice and simple app. When I migrated from my Droid X to the Samsung (with no trackball or search button), I was no longer able to deal on spider solitaire. Otherwise, everything else works great.
Love to play this game when at dr. Office's or laying in bed. Love that there is four different games on here so you don't get bored with just one. Hate that I can't play spider solitare on my tablet or samung galaxy s3 due to no search button on devices. PLEASE FIX!!!! Would definitely be 5 stars if you do.
Good no-frills solitaire. Unfortunately, there's no way to deal in spider if you don't have a search button.
Can't deal in spider. Thought it was just me. PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!
Free, no ads, lightweight, easy on battery, open source, it's just perfect.
I loved this game on phones in the past. Now I have an s3 and can't deal!! Come on on guys.
I love this app! No ads and I can actually see the cards (I'm blind and my screen is small), but the color contrasts make them easy to see.
I love this app, the only game I would play on a regular basis on my droid incredible.  I upgraded today to the HTC One and now I can't figure out how to deal the cards for Spider.  I only have the home and back buttons. There is no search button or trackball.  Please help! Would be 5 stars if I could play on new phone.
There is no dealing cards in spider game.
I'm addicted to these  games.  Love it.
Plays well and good options.  No crashes in over 3000 games!  But PLEASE make the end TIME plainly visible.  It is really dark and very hard to read.  Thanks!
Debii's Device!
Can't figure out how to deal in Spider Solitaire. Nexus 7.
Simple to use. Hours of solitaire fun.
Nexus 7 Cards are low resolution, and they look fuzzy on tablets with larger screens. If a hi-res deck was available, I would add another star. Maybe an add-on to app, rather than upgrade?
its good game no adds
I like solitaire and Spider on the app but forty thieves is frustrating. Sometimes you can pick up a stack of cards and sometimes you can't. Would love it if this problem were fixed.
Good i like forthy thives but it s hard to win,
Have a Galaxy 3, need a easy to deal the cards. Thanks.
So I love the solitaire game but, I can't play my preferred game, spider, because I can't deal a new deck as I don't have a search button or a trackball on my Motorola galaxy. Please fix this problem!
I bought the Droid MAXX this week and it doesn't have a search button. Spider is no longer accessible to me and it is my favorite game! :(
Okay so I am a avid solitaire player absolutely loved this app until I began to be robbed my the game. After I play n build bank I save n quit only to return to starter rate of -$52 wth is Going up fix this plz I play for hours to get bank up n get hustled out my cash if this was real there would be problems
Perfect and no ads or crazy permissions!
I've used this app for a while now and have never had an issue with it.
Worked great with my old phones. Can't deal in spider with droid mini. Please fix or I'll be looking for different app.
Simple, fast, ad free
Cool.
I absolutely love all 4 games! Installed on evry fone. But now on G4...it's a "No Deal" for Spider! Need lots of fixes. KM, did you abandon ship?! Well...I'm about to! UNINSTALL!!!
I enjoy this game in my down time, it brakes the monotony of every day life.
Great app but cannot play  spider no more has I have upgraded my phone to a s4
Love the look and feel of this simple app. When I play spider solitaire, though, I am unable to use the deal function. Is it just me (my phone) or is this a general issue?
I can't deal in Spider!! Nexus 4 and many new phones no longer have the button that deal is bound to. There is no way to change this and I can no longer play Spider, my favorite game in this package. If this one fault gets fixed, this is a 5 star app all day long!
To many unwinnable hands. Been a user for several years & always liked it. Upgraded to Galaxy S4 & noticed the difference immediately.
Simple and to the point. Sometimes simplicity really is best!
I play Vegas rules and the game would re set whether I was up or down. Fix the cumulative score function. Disappointment.
hours of fun, classic game play.
Was an awesome game until I upgraded to the galaxy s3 now I can't play spider soiltire. BBC please fix this?!?
I can't play it with my Samsung t889.  Please fix it so I can play it on this phone.  I can't deal (literally)
Would be 5 stars if the game would rotate to the other side.  It's annoying when plugged in to charge and I can't flip the game to the more convenient side.
Pretty happy with most games om this, but no way to deal in spider on my phone? Wtf? Fix please
Very small size so should work on most versions of android without lag, NO ads, simple interface, and also includes spider solitaire and freecell!
ACHI HA
Basic solitaire is always good!!
Needs to be able to deal in spider 5 stars if it's sorted
I love playing this game.
This is great! And congrats on you 10 million plus downloads.
its fun if u r good with cards its good to pass  the time
Does anybody know how to deal in spider with samsung galaxy? One button is undo, one button pulls up game menu, and other button takes to home screen so there isn't a way to deal. Please fix this or tell me what I need to do.
The only app I give 5 stars to.
I loved this on my Motorola razr android but on my Galaxy S 3 I can't deal a new hand for Spider solitare.I'm still hooked on 40 thieves!
No ads, small app, big fun
Alright .. i played over and over without knowing can deal card then one day i manage to open all the cards .. then found out the irregular amount of cards .. check the net , they got a button call deal .. I was like T.T .. pls add the alternative deal button for us s3 or tab ..
Maybe next update, an option to flip the screen? I was surprised when i couldnt, and i would use it alot because the game appears upside down while i charge my phone.
Great selection of solitaire games with no ads and no need for a data connection.  Comes in handy when I have to sit and wait somewhere that I cannot get a connection.  I love it!
It was my favor one, now no menu button, can't get in to options so useless on HTC One.
love this app! so simple.
Lovely game
Good
This app now requires permissions... reads phone number and identity. poor graphics. Why not just put ads in?
Everything about this is pretty good except on spider there is no way to deal the cards is you don't have a search button. Please fix this
I like it, but can't deal in spider solitaire on the nexus 7. Frustrating.
Really good time pass
The menu button stopped working in android 4.3
Enjoyable
Spider solitair doesn't work properly
You would get a 5th start when you let me deal in spider droid DNA
Love it
This is by far my favorite version of solitaire. The card art is perfect. BUT with my phone I cannot deal when playing Spider. Please please please fix this. And change nothing else.
Good
I like this little orphan app. I can't play Spider on my phone (can't deal), but the Solitaire and Free Cell work fine. Nice diversion.
Love this app:) best game ever
Hi
First app I had to find on my new phone
Nexus 4 has no search button or track ball. Game is unplayable.
Played this game on my old  phone and absolutely love it over all the others for spider sol...but on my new ph GS4..there is no way to deal  new cards.  PLEASE FIX THIS!  I'm rating it with 1 star until it's fixed.  5 stars after it's fixed.
Poor game since print too small and you never win not a game if u lose all the time. Fix it now
I love this game
so cool
it is a great game
Unable to deal. This is game breaking
Used to love playing this on my previous phone but there's no search button or trackball on the new Commando, without either you can never draw in Spider, please add a update to fix this, double tap screen, shake phone, something.
Low rate
Great past time game
Great program EXCEPT that you can't deal on Spider on my Galaxy S3 and other phones lacking a search button.
This game cheaps I would have given it a 0 rating if I could. Not worth installing.
Love this game
tight
Can't play spider solitairy, their are no buttons for a new row of cards, please fix.... Galaxy s4
I used to love playing Spider and  freecell but now cannot play spider because my new galaxy 4 doesn't have a trackball or search key...very limiting.... please fix!!!!
Cards move way to slow?
Cant deal in spider with the galaxy s4....thats my favorite game....but otherwise a flawless app, was perfect on my old evo
No search button and no update.
Would be happier if I could play Spider.  Just got a Galaxy S4 and have no way to deal the cards.  Please fix.
My favorite solitaire app.
Used to be one of my go to games but after I switched from Galaxy S2 to Galaxy S4 the game became so sluggish that it is almost unplayable. Please fix it for larger screens also and you get the missing star.
Always a favorit
It worked great, now it won't keep the saved game and always defaults original settings. Please fix it's my favorite app!
Great collection of 1 player card games, love the option of making the cards bigger. Good stats collection, but no online options, which is fine.
Used to love this on my old phone but now with no search or no trackball buttons on my new phone GN 2 i cant deal
Spider solitaire does not work on my Samsung Galexy tablet.  Please fix!
If you love Solitaire then this is a must have app
Except on my Samsung's gsII I can't deal on spider :-(
I love playing this game  :-)
Great passtime
Good
Please add an alternative in order to deal without having trackball or search button. Thanks.
Love it!
Great
Very addictive!
Great app except now I can't play it on my HTC One because I have no way to deal cards. I have no trackball or search button.  Please add a deck to deal from so I can play this again.
I loved this app until I got a new phone and can no longer play spider solitaire!  Galaxy s4 cannot deal (no deck, trackball, or search key.)  It would also be great if there was a way to transfer my stats from the old phone to the new.  (I'm rockin over 70% with thousands of 2 suit games played!)  Could easily have 5 stars if this is fixed.
Forty thieves. Best game ever.
I upgraded to a S4 and the cards are blurry and hard to read. I'm upset because on my S2 it was perfect. On  S4 its a 2 star. On an S2 its 4 star so..
Would give 5*, but I can't deal on the spider game. I have a HTC Incredible 4G LTE, there's no track ball or search button, please fix!
Cant deal on galaxy s3 for 40 thieves please update...
Used to love this game but now cannot play Spider because I do not have a search button,trackball, or anything else that would deal.  Anyway to fix this?
Not able to deal cards in spider solitare
I like solitaire I enjoy playing.
Great to pass the time.
The best.
Doesn't work on modern phones without hardware buttons
Good
I just need a deal button for spider for us with out a search button. Have 1400+ plays on my old phone but the s4 can't deal and no other solitaire games can compare to this so I'm sad :( but the app is great as long as you have a search button. Please add a way for us s4 users.
Nice one
Cant deal in spider
Nice display, play and ease of use.
Hey Retards!!! You STILL haven't fixed the spider "Deal" situation... fail uninstalled
Love it
This game really sucks booooooo
Very  addictive... forty thieves is my favorite:-D
Can't play on my Galaxy s3.
I miss my spider games. I have  a new galaxy s4 and dont have a search button. Bummedb :-(
This is a bad apllcati  on its not downloading
I like this, cause it has multiple games if cards.
Don't have a single complaint about it
I have a galaxy s 3 and I can't play the games fully. No search button means no dealing the cards in spider. Please fix. Loved playing the game on my evo 4g prior to this.
I'm pretty sure the algorithm is wrong for Forty Thieves. It let's you move two cards to an empty column, when other versions don't let you...
No further development.
No good as I can't deal!
Used this addictively for a couple of years on HTC desire, upgraded to desire x and cannot deal.
Nice app
Pro: REQUIRES NO PERMISSIONS! Seriously, why do all the other solitaire games require full web access?  Con: Not scalable to the larger screens of newer smartphones (still works, just not full Screen). Fix that and I'd rate five stars! DONE
Has never crashed at all best way  to pass the time
I just can't get enough of the awesome game I love it
Nice App It`s Working well
Unable to play favorite game (spider) because I have a galaxy s3. This needs to change. Maybe even put a deal button on screen but until then app is mediocre.
Good app, but on spider solitare I can't deal with my droid DNA.
Best one
Very very nice...it can only get better if the cards get updated art. Looks kinda bad in galaxy s3 screen. Other than that it is PERFECT.
I love the fact I can enjoy a classic, straight from my phone without using up data from the internet.. Excellent app, and would recommend to everyone..  :)
Solitaire 1:41 Spider 2:45. Love the challenge to beat my fastest time! Easy navigation. No permissions! No ads! Hint: Touch phones use the search buton to deal.
This game does not work on my Samsung Epic.
Kim
Love it i really enjoy vagus style solitare
This game sucks! Free cell doesn't work right!
Emailed their support a few times for help with Nexus Galaxy based issues. No response whatsoever
Would not work on my nexus 7 in spider as it told me I had more deals left but could find no pack to deal from.
I really hope they update so I can play spider again but it doesn't look like they will since it hasn't been updated in two years.... : (
This phone is kinda popular guys, might be an idea to make the game functional on it
Was my favorite game on my LG Ally, but my Samsung Stratosphere doesn't have a search button or trackpad so I can't play spider solitaire anymore :( fix it please!
I've been playing this particular solitaire game for a long time now, and I love everything about it. They only problem I've hit so far it's that I can't deal in spider solitaire which is kind of a big issue. I recently switched from a droid x to a galaxy s4 and that's where I'm having the problem. Fix this and you'll definitely have 5 stars
Scarlet y juan
Need to fix for galaxy for spider solitare to deal.  Otherwise awesome
I loved this game on my evo. Now I have the note 2 & I can't deal the cards. :( I'm very disappointed. .......
Welldone.
I love this game but no spider with the new phones. You cant lay down the next row of cards. I miss spider
I have a HTC DNA phone and cannot deal a new row of cards after all my moves are done while playing spider solitary.
Loved to play spider solitaire, now I can't anymore, there's no deal option. I have no search or trackball option :s please fix it:(
I loved this app for spider on my old droid. However, it is impossible to play on my droid razor HD. All of the ways that the app has you deal are no longer options on the phone. I suggest a deal button for future updates. :(
Like the size an that it doesn't have ad's but i dont have a search button or scrollball....so it wont deal if i play Spider
I've used this game ever since my 1st Android phone, an HTC Hero.  The interface is easy, there are no ads and it's never crashed on my phone. Forty Thieves is my favorite.
I keep downloading this version into the last four phones I've owned. I really like this app!
Great game, easy to follow since there are no adds, just can't figure out how to deal?
I love this app but it's hard 2 play on the s4 cuz there is no search button so I can't or don't know how to be deal while playing spider but over all love the app
Had an Incredible 2 and loved playing spider.  New phone is RAZR M and it doesn't have a way to deal.  Please fix and I will give it a 5!
Ok
Love the app. It's addictive.  Stats & Help don't work on Samsung Galaxy S4.
Make a deal button for spider already 5 stars if that worked
Everything is great but I don't know how to deal on spider. Using HTC One V. Click on deck but dealing doesn't happen. No search key or trackball on phone. Please help!
No way to deal in Spider on my Droid DNA and repeated emails to the developer have gone unanswered.
I love it
My most favorite of all time :-)
Great
I like this app and all, bit something pops up and interrupts my game causing me to press the home button to exit.  It states: Sanity Check Fail Fix this please.
No matter how many times I played I could not win a hand in any of the games. Who wants to play without being able to win once in awhile.
Graphics were great on my old phone that was small but is horrible on my galaxy s4. Makes my eyes hurt on new phone. Used to be my favorite app... will re-install if fixed.
Supper
Game is hard, then I realized that the deck had 2 Jack of clubs.  Waste if the game is impossible to beat by design.  I'm uninstalling this app now!
Love the app but wish cards weren't automatically sent home in regular game and freecell. Don't know how to play spider and tips would help.
Found this to be the worse solitaire game I have downloaded. The cards are to small and there is no chance of seeing the font. I can't see any where in settings to change this. Tell me how and I will increase my score.
Bhoomi
Cool game
I really like this app but can't play spider because you can't deal, please fix
tried to play Spider solitare but can't deal cards on my new Note. This seems to be a problem for a lot of us and it seems to have been an ongoing problem. Is there an update soon? Please...Spider is my go-to-must-have game.
Works perfect
Play it for one game or for an hour loads of fun!
Simply good
The solitiare game is gr8, but in spider there is no way to deal so its useless to play. Fix it n it would be a 5 star app.
I have been playing this app for a couple of years, now. My kids (18+) say it's an old man's game but I don't care.
Graphics are weak but it consumes very little memory and has no ads. Its a keeper.
No way to deal extra hands in solitaire on Nexus 4
I love it. This is the best game ever. I play it every day. thank u for the game.
Never have any issues, spam, or any other type of spyware.. Thanks!
Excellent
I have it on my tablet and it is really small. I can not see solitaire even with my glasses. Please make it larger. Other than that it is stupendous.
Cant deal in spider
Great game. Easy to use!
This app is one of the best out there!
Well down?
Good
it's great with four games & settings to improve your winnings. love it lots :)
Deck was missing in spider!
Like everyone else's review it we great on my old phone but when I upgraded to the One u don't deal the cards :-(
the real game same pc
Simple game, no irritating ads.. but this app has a bug.. go Spider I'm not able to deal the next set.. any1 else with this problem.? Any solution for this please.?
Greay gzmr...no ads...choice of 3 diff games..
I love this game set.  I learned how to play Forty Thieves and am addicted.  When I just need a good escape this is where I usually go.
How to deal No search icon and track ball
This would be a great app if spider had a way of dealing the next round of cards built into the game (like a picture of a deck of cards). My phone doesn't have a trackball or search key so I can't even play it past the initial deal.
How do I deal when I don't have a search button?
Crashes on my Samsung Galaxy S4
Please, please. . .I got a new phone, but can't play spider anymore because new phone doesn't have search key to deal. Please fix so I can play again. . .I've been looking, but I can't find another solitaire app that I like as well as this one!
Its fun to play if you're waiting for an appointment.
Loved this game, especially Spider, but since upgrading to the galaxy s4, I'm no longer able to deal in Spider because there is no track ball.
How to deal on 4.2.2
Fast simple no bloat.
Easy to use. Fun to play
Best card game in my mobile till now
This is the best solitaire game out there... it simply works. No hype, good graphics.
Good game but needs the hd version
A game as simple as solitaire should never freeze. FAIL
I can't get it to change the large card view.
Awesome
I would have given 5 stars if spider solitaire worked on the HTC One. Sadly, the reliance on the trackball button makes it unplayable.
Galaxy S4, no deal button. Should be listed as incompatible.
Must have app for passing time!
Works
App seems to work well.
It is best game.....
It's a classic, what more can I say.
Please make it work fo Galaxy S4. Miss this game. Cannot draw cards.
Sweet
Love this game.
Anyway way you can could make a option for the right hand player so we aren't always playing over the cards?
Cards are rendered really blurry
Slowest game ever!
Only thing I would change on the new game menu, solitaire should be changed to klondike because these are versions of solitaire, and that is the name for the original solitaire.  Otherwise, it's a great app.
This game was amazing on my old hero because I had a track ball. With my new EVO I can't deal cards anymore because there is no track ball or search button. Please add an on-screen deal button, spider is unplayable without it!
Can't deal in spider without a hard key... Galaxy nexus is fucked...
Wow Added permissions haters
Absolutely rubbish. U have a 1 in 50 chance of finishing a game of solitaire
Love the layout better then others
ANUJ SOGARWAL
Love it!!!
I love this game! But I just got a galaxy s4, and there is no search button. So I cant deal the cards in spider solitaire. .. :(
Great time waster 10/10
Exceptionally small file size yet a well done game. Kudos.
I've played this game for bout a yr. Now all of a sudden the menu button is gone! I can't change games, options, cards, nothing!!! What happened? Also, Cnt "deal" on spider. HTC 1 X
How do you deal the cards in spider solitaire?
I absolutely love this app. I've tried others and didn't find one that I like as much as this one. I just recently upgraded my phone to the Galaxy s4, and can't deal the cards while playing spider. Please update!!
Not for me!
No way to deal in Spider
Exactly what I was looking for. A simple, no nonsense Solitaire. And the best part? NO ADS!!!
I like the card games. But for spider solitaire there's no way that you can deal on my HTC EVO. Please make a way to deal the cards on spider solitaire as soon as possible.
Love it                           Wow
Solid gameplay. Few permissions. I guess this is how it starts out before the greed comes into the picture. Simple. Well designed.  Free. No ads? Nuff said.
Fun! Good time killer. Play it daily.
Its the way it was ment to be played.
Excellent
I loved this app with phones I used in the past that had a search button or trackball, but now I'm using a Samsung galaxy III and it has neither of those features which makes it hard to deal cards. It would be helpful if another alternative way to deal would be added to this app.
I love this app on all my previous android phones but the note 2 doesn't have the same capabilities.  Spider solitaire cannot access new decks. Outside of this irs a great app
Perfect if you love playing vegas style and losing every single game
Nice
Does not work on the new RAZR HD, which has no search button, so I can't deal. Loved and had it on my last 4 devices, but now I'll have to look for a new card app.
I have loved this great app and used it for three years, but recently upgraded my phone to an S3 and don't have a search button. Can't deal in spider!!
Nothing else to say. Love this more than any other game I've played on a phone.
Have had this app for a while, worked great on my old phone. Can't figure out how to deal in spider as my g3 doesn't have a track ball out search key... :-( The rest of the app works great.
I've become an app freak!!!! Lol
Best solitaire app out there. I've been using it for years. Best loom and feel of any I've tried.
I have to agree with other reviews on the repetitive card deals . My wife and Installed this and find it keeps dealing the same losing hands . You got a better chance at winning  the lotto.
This has been my favorite app for 2 years but I cannot play Spider with my new phone. There is no way to deal. So sad.
Been using this app since my G1. Has worked flawlessly on all my phones.
Excellent
I love this game I install it on every phone I get but I just got a new phone and it doesn't have a search button so I can't play spider anymore please put a deal button somewhere so I can still play
Play it
Can't deal a new set of cards on HTC One, I liked playing this game on old phone, but impossible now on the one...
Loved this game on my old htc phone... now I have a galaxy s4 and I can't deal! Please fix this issue so I can play solitaire again!
Love this game but just upgraded to the galaxy 4 and can't seem to deal the next hand. .. No search button or trackball.
Super!!!
I just wish it didn't have predefined decks. After a while, you know what cards are going to be next.
This is an awesome app if you like solitaire i have uded this app for three years and it will always be 5 stars!!!!
Can't deal in Spider so no good
Love that this game doesn't have any crazy permissions or ads whatsoever, its really awesome!!! Just a little small and hard on my eyes but its really great. Good job
Love it
What is a trackball? What? I can't deal, why? FIX THIS!!
Can't move piles when you want in forty thieves.  Inconsistent in how it handles cards from the deck in solitaire. How do you deal from deck in spiderette? 'Help' is not much help.
Sub par graphics and what is more annoying...landscape only
Weak update
Luv 2 play
Fun, no ads, and easy
Can't deal cards.  Need to add a way to deal for those without a search button and track ball.  Galaxy S4
I've been using this app for four years and i rate it5 stars
My favorite app, but can not deal on Spider on Samsung III. Hope this is fixed soon.
Exactly what I was looking for. Nothing fancy just a simple solitaire game with all of my favorites
Good
I love this app. It's one of the first I install on any devices. It works, and there are NO ADS.  Ads can be ok if they don't distract from the app/game, but most adds I see in apps are obnoxious.  I just wish there were a separate (without adding ads to this version) version that I could use to donate.  I've never seen any problems with any of the games. Plus there are some basic options for some of the games, like with basic solitaire (klondike?) to select 1 or 3 card draws/deals and so on. And it keeps per games stats if you ever want to check how you're doing over time.
I used to LOVE this game and it was the only solitaire I would play.   Now it is broken. :(  it will only let me move the top card instead of the whole pile.  Please fix. I want my game back
It was awsome
Good quality. Uses very little memory which for samsung phones is essential. All apps should aspire to do the same.
I love this app and have been using it on my Incredible for 3 years :-) However when I bought my samsung galaxy s4 I could no longer deal. I am so disappointed :-(
Old game with ugly graphics and developer does nothing to improve.
Excellent
Great app. No ads, good interface, realistic graphics, doesn't crash.  Easy to undo & I like that it automatically puts the cards on the aces.  I get a fair amount of wins...currently over 24% with over 1000 games played.  Use on both my Google nexus tablet & galaxy nexus phone.  I installed on my mom's kindle fire & the cards are really tiny on that for some reason.
I love this app and used it all the time on my htc phones, but now I have galaxy s4 with no search button or trackball, and I can't deal cards. Please add one more option (double tap?) for dealing.
Can't play spider on my new phone because it doesn't have a search button.   Please fix dealing cards with spider on phones with no search button.  No special permissions and plays great.
I live this app. It's my go-to whenever I have a minute, or an hour... to kill.
AWESOME & KEEPS ME OCCUPIED ! I PLAY IT ALL THE TIME AND ANY TIME OF THE DAY :) THANKS FOR CREATING THIS ! I APPRECIATE IT & SO DOES MY G1 !
I used to really love to play this game even though I can't play spider because it won't let me deal cards. But since the most recent update it crashes everytime I try to restart a game. Have uninstalled it.
Nice game
5 star's for this app.....
Great app. Loved it, but the image burned into the screen on 2 different phones because the picture is always the same. Other app let the image rotate if you turn your phone.
The new ads are too distracting and lay on the bottom row of my cards.  There is no way to x out the ad. It is very annoying with the white flashind bar.  You took a great app and are now forcing me to uninstall it.
The game is absolutely terrible.... hard to see....can't back out.....STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!.....UNINSTALLED IMMEDIATELY...
Good
Useless on my Rzr HD
No ads no fluff. Best solitaire app
Ive been using Android and this version of Solitaire since the day the G1 came out. I've had that, the Galaxy S2, the HTC Sensation, and now a Galaxy S4. The game plays well enough, I've wasted many hours on the toilet with it, but for such a simple application it's quite the battery hog.
Paetogs
Baraha
I can't play my favorite game, spider, because there's no deal button. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is great but not a game that u can just play it forver
Like it
Some of the games work great, however, these devices do not have a track ball nor do they have a search button. We are unable to deal the cards in spider solitaire. Please fix.
Shuffling  appears to be programmed and not random. I can tell I will lose going by the cards dealt.
I have the HTC one and there is no search key to deal the cards.  If you could please update I'll give it a 5 star rating.  I love this app and have had it on my HTC sensation.  Thank you.
Perfect, no ads
The cards are randomly changing sizes. Sometimes so small it is difficult to see them. Have to close the app and restart, but as soon as I deal a new game, it starts all over again. Frustrating. Looking for a replacement.
Appic
Used this on my old revolution droid and loved it. Just got a nexus 4 and there's no deemed button to deal... Uninstalled right away. Lame.
gs4 has no button that will deal cards in spider style
I loved this app on my old android however it doesn't work on my new galaxy s4 :( any plans to upgrade it for the s4?
Like this
Everything is ok
Great gameplay without all the garbage ads that comes with most free apps.
Not working properly on my ATRIX 4g... only top card is able to moved at any time in spider, unplayable...
Vu minh
Love it
I love it on my htc merge
Like
Best app in the play store.
Like this apps
Best solitaire because it's simple and easy
Loved spider solitary on my old phone , but now on my new phone there's no way to deal.. hope they fix this soon.
Solitary geek love this app
Love the program but it won't work on my new RAZR
It's a ok game
I have a droid RAZR m and it doesn't have a search button so I can't deal the next set of cards on spider... help?
Wow this game is the best no ad covering the cards and it is very easy to deal out the cards normerly on wow!
I like it really
I got spider to deal. It is the search button. Not in menu. Its the button next to home and back and menu. Hope it helps
Love the simplicity of the app but HTC doesn't have the required button to rotate the deck for spider would love an update to get that fixed
Samsung galaxy 3. I want tobe able to play this game, best version I ever played when I had my old phone. But now no trackball or search key and no deck I can't deal
One of the best solitaire collection in android market...
I played this app all the time on my old phone. Spider was my favorite game. Now that I have a new phone there is no way to deal in that game mode. I have a galaxy s4 and nexus 7. Would give five stars if that was fixed.
Super lag on HTC One. Still rated 5 stars. Keep up the good work.
Older phones you dealt by trackball out search button, but the latest versions of android do not include those, leaving you no way to deal. I can't figure out how to play on my Nexus 7, but it works great on my Droid RAZR.
It's working good thanks
bamf
Haven't won a game yet.   Uninstalling.
Works Perfect.
I don't like the way it look
Great app, loved using it on all my previous Android devices, but since my upgrade to the HTC One, there is no longer a way to deal during spider solitaire.
Questions: How do I deal if I don't have trackball, nor a search key?? (on a Samsung Repp)... Also, on Freecell isn't there a deck to deal from when I run out of moves? Suggestion: Would be nice if I could have a tutorial, or hints even,  on how to play the games (i.e. Freecell, Forty Thieves.) Please consider. Thanks!
Don't waste your time with the others! No ads! Great when you are sitting in a waiting room.
There is no way to deal next row in spider solitaire. Lame
Uploads quickly!! I enjoy playing this game
I loved this app on my HTC but upgraded my phone to Motorola HD and now can not deal cards for spider! Sucks!! Will keep it and hope for an upgrade.
Does not work well with Android devices (Razer HD and tablet). No way to deal in Spider.
There needs to be a deal button
Loved the game on my old phone but can't deal with the new Motorola Droid M!
Love this game
364
Game stopped working properly with no menu option to change games
Nice
Had this on all my other phones n loved it. Was the only game I ever downloaded. But since got my new phone the HTC One I can't deal the deck. Very sad n hope gets fixed so can play once again.
Used to be my favorite game until my new phone, now I can't deal. How has this not been fixed yet? Samsung S3.
Works well and fast moves.
I love card games.. :-)
Love playing cards, and with this I can play the ones I like most.
Love the simplicity of this app, best I've used! Upgraded to a HTC One, now I can't deal... Please fix!!!
Loving it before. I play it.
Great challenge
Nothing more to say other than since my first Android, I have had this installed
Ok
This game would be fine but after reading " "moving partial piles" several times and still not able to IM DELETING IT
Can't deal the next round in spider on my new galaxy s3. Have played every day on my old HTC t-mobile g2.
Wat is the point of the game if once ur stuck there's no deck to tap u better make it the first time I guess. 1 star & I'm I uninstalling.
Of all the card apps I've tried this is my favorite & I play it every day :)
Love this game but can't deal on Samsung Galaxy 3
Does not work with galaxy s3. Can not draw.  Stupid!
great game. no ads.
The screen shakes everything else works great but its hard to play when it  feels like the screen is not sized right
Mindless fun, but I cannot get it to deal out more cards in spider solitare. Works well otherwise though.
Latest update has made it slower.  Before I could win in 1min 30sec.  Now can't get under 2min because card movement is so slow I have to wait for it to complete its movement.
Best in android
Works great  simple. Doesn't require updating every week.
I love how this app tells me how fast I beat a game and my stats. I've used this game for years now.
Can't deal!!!
I like the no ads popping up and its really cool it also has other games like free cell:)
Was great when I older smart phone installed on my new phone no longer can deal no fun:(
Played bunch of solitaire apps and only this one was able to grab an immediate review. The others big bulky bytes with standard computer UI. Nice. But this is a phone and some use tablets, we need UI made for such platforms. And this solitaire app introduces a slimmed down version of the classic game with style and with phone and tablet users in mind. I recommended to try you will have an aha moment. Graphics do remind me of 80s arcade style, don't know if you are going for that look but it works.
useless as track ball handsets don't exist anymore.
Galaxy S has no search button OR trackball. So it's impossible to deal a new deck in Spider. A long press on the 'menu' button is how search is enabled on this phone, but it doesn't enable the deal function.  Gave it 3/5 stars, but have now dropped it to 1/5, since I've emailed the developer twice to report the above, and never received a response.
Can't deal
Would give 5star for this but its a pity the spider game cant deal... hope it could be fix asap... and ill give 5star once its been fixed...
I've had for many years never no problems
The configuration of the menu buttons on the Galaxy SIII doesn't allow one to deal in Spider :/
Good
Dhyani
Good except cannot deal in spider on a phone with no search button.
Nice to have no ads, but this game is stacked against you.  I might not be the brightest bulb, but I know when I'm being dealt from the bottom.  Other reviewers say the same thing.  I'm uninstalling now, not worth the aggravation.  Oh, sure, they let you win occasionally, but not the same as a random game.  See ya!
This game is perfect! I have an old motorola, and it works great.thank you ken magic for the awesome game!
Love it but I can no longer play spider solitaire on my new phone (HTC One X)
The cards are very small all of a sudden. Other than that I've been enjoying this app for months.
Very hard to win. I can win more with a real deck of cards.
You cannot do anything on it it will not give you options and I hate this app
Great game
Poor graphics. poor gameplay I didnt like it at all.
To deal you need a search button and now I don't have one on my touch screen phone. Now I have to find a different game to play. Samsung Note 3
Does not let me deal in spider from the Motorola m. Sucks!
Thanks
add free!, just like xp sol, no undo, but other then that, thank the maker, nice job
I happen to be phenomenal at solitaire my average time to beat a hand is about two minutes and ya sure ur gonna get hands where u won't win because of how the cards are dealt makin it impossible but after over thirty hands in five min where the generated deals are literally impossible to beat that is just down right stupid if I don't even have chance to beat it there is no point in having it uninstall
Can't deal cards from RAZR HD. Never got a response as to why and what's the fix??
Used to play all the time on my Samsung galaxy smartphone but since changed to Nexus 7, cannot deal cards in spider so no use playing!
Can't deal on my new phone.  Will have to un install
I don't have a search button so I cannot deal the deck in spider solitare... Used to love this. Uninstalled
Have the Droid RAZR HD. Doesn't have a track ball or a search button. Any suggestions?
I loved this app on my old phone. Disappointed that I can't deal on my Nexus. Could be fixed by making the deck visible, and deal by tapping deck.
Solitaire is a classic, good app version.
The only bad ratings I've read demonstrated a sad ignorance of how solitaire is supposed to work. The app works good. Install it.
They need to make a new update where you could deal on touchscreen phones. Other than that, it's fine
Love solitary. Nice app to relax and let time pass. I've never had an issue with this app and i love the fact that there are no annoying ads. I do feel that this app should get a small update like a small tweak on the UI. Make it look a little more crisp.
Great! ;-)
Awesome
Twice I have gotten to the last stack and there is a card missing. So you can't win. It cheats
Game works well most of the time, but has has had unresolved bugs for many years.
loved this version of solitaire on my Droid 2 global. Just upgradef to the Samsung Galaxy S3 only to find that you can't deal in Spider Solitaire! Also the graphics look shoddy on newer phones
Three of my favourite games, so it's a shame that I'm forced to uninstall. Two of the games are fine, if very clunky to play. However, spider doesn't allow you to deal any cards, so it's impossible to play. Plus it doesn't have any rules for the games, so unless you already know how to play, you can't learn it. Which, of course, makes the fourth game useless for me too.
Solitaire is good, spider solitaire doesn't show a deck please fix!
Installed and worked well. Has 3 of my favourite games and works crash free. No ads. Nice job.
Can't deal.
Neither
This app was really great had a lot of fun playing it until I tried to play spider solitaire there is no deck to deal from I tried going to the Help menu but all it said was tapedeck to deal the cards it's hard to top that when there is no deck I will be contacting the company and hopefully they will get this fixed
out helps the mind
Bad  game
Needs to have a "deal" deck for all games except the Klondike game. Had to uninstall :-(
Used to be great and had it for a long time. Unfortunately no trackball or search key makes it impossible to use in most games now.
At the end of the deal it wont let you play on. Its always repeats itself same cards.
Graphics need update.. Aside from looking plain ugly, I have trouble in reading cards on My 800x480 screen
Play every night
Awesome, fun, simple
Have had for 6 months. Never win. Never get more than 3 aces up. Stupid
Had this on my old phone and was great, but now there is no deal button anymore so no spider anymore
Great I love it. Thank u developer for this free app. What happen to upgrading this app to the new android versions.
Can't deal. Tried to play for a week..unistall!
Doesn't allow you the option to deal on the menu bar. This means spider can't be played. Please fix.
Good app. .. (besides the ad's)  But now with the S3 I can't play spider...Uninstalling
Great games!
Its a good game but I can't deal with spider
Best game
This is a good, solid solitaire game with a few options. Thanks!
Good game
Relaxing, easy to read cards, not too flashy and obnoxious.
I dont have a search button or trackball so cant deal please fix cos its the best solitaire game
There is only one concern I have. When I want to play spider solitary there is no deck that shows up for me to add new cards to the current deck :( so I can't play the game
Used to be a 5 star app. But now, with the graphics gone from crisp and clear to practically 8-bit? Meh.   Plus, no menu or exit button. Sigh. Uninstall...and removed from my app list.
It your grandmothers solitare
I love the clean crisp look of the cards and the layout.  However on the SGS Iii I'm not able to deal cards in Spider.
I got a new phone, and now i have no search button, no track ball, and no way to deal. I liked this, but now i can't play :(
Wayyy too buggy. Solitaire score often resets to -$52 automatically, even when games are saved. Game algorithms are not very random and card numbers are often grouped together. Needs a lot of retooling and effective updates to be a good app.
STUPID GAME FREEZES ALL THE TIME UNINSTALLING THIS POS!!!!!!!!
Can't deal card on my new Galaxy S3...
I had this game on my old phone but now that I got the gs3 I have no way to deal cards for spider solitaire. Please update to fix for the newer phones.
This app its all righ..
Okay so I've played this game and I've noticed that there are five 5's in there. There are 2 spades in the deck
Terrbaaaaeeeekkk!!!!!
No deal button for devices without a hard search button.
I am super addicted to this app!
It gives u impossible levels
no search button/trackball = no deal button??
I love this app. It worked well with my HTC EVO. However, I've upgraded to the Galaxy S III and there is no search button nor a trackball so I can't deal with the Spider game... Sent an email to Ken to ask for a fix but did not receive a response. Please fix!!!!!
It has no undo button overall crap game
Bad graphics and dodgy controls, there is better in the marketplace
Love this game but can't deal on the galaxy s3
I need Allah
I've had this game for over a year, and would really like to see an update. Every time a call comes in, it resets my game to a new one. Which is very frustrating when I'm 3-4 moves away from winning. Then it counts that game as a loss against my stats. Is there a way to fix? Droidx2
Love it.  Play all the time.
Dhe
This game is exellent
Can hardly see cards they are so small
Worked great on my old phone so I couldn't wait to get it on my new gravity 3. Can't deal the next set of cards on spider. Very disappointed but if it works on your phone it's awesome
Galaxy S3  Can't play on my S3.  Best solitare app when fixed.  Worked fine on my old Dr oid.  PLEASE FIX!!!
Can't play spider either no deal button, Im using Samsung
Good solid game. Doesn't drain battery like heavier apps.
No way of dealing on spider solitaire with note 2.
Images r of poor quality. Moves r different.
Thank you!! :)
Good
Because you can start a game over and retry without penalty.
Small storage space. Great for quick breaks. Addicting. Don't really mind that its just landscape but should be an option for vertical play.
I can't deal on spider solitaire on my htc one x.  So this app was unfortunately uninstalled.
Is cool I Iove it is easily to download
Good game
Buggy on my s3. Doesn't have any obvious hint button.
On spider solitaire on my HTC desire hd. Good until then
h
I don't have a search button so I can't deal in spider. That's annoying... If it was fixed I would give 5 stars.
Goood
On the Galaxy S3 there is no way to deal a new deck otherwise it's a good app for regular solitaire
Good
Tracy
App use to work great and loved it but I havnt won in atleast 25 games. And I have 2 of the same card in same regular solitare game. For example I just had 2 queen of clubs and I was playing regular old solitare.  Other then not being able to win like I use to its a good app. Fix and rating is 5 stars
This is the best free Freecell app that I've found. Absolutely engrossing.
. . .  as other commentors have said,  can't play spider on galaxy S3... no button to deal with.   Was one of myfav games on original galaxy
Small size and amazing game.
This is da best game eva for my phone
I love playing freecell on this app!
This is a great little game overall except for the Spider solitaire,  my Motorola Razr i does not have a search key or trackball and there is no  pack visible to deal extra cards so can't play this game.  Other games work okay. Please sort out and then will give you 5 stars.
I really like this app...  very cool
Can't deal on spider solitaire with galaxy s3!
I have this game on my tablet but will not install on my phone because of the access permissions to my phone calls. Please remove this access! I love all 4 games, and really want it on my phone. I just can't accept the permissions!
There is no search button or trackball on the Nexus 4 so I cannot deal the next line of cards in spider solitare. Would easily give it 5 stars on it other than that.
My new phone (Samsung Galaxy note 2) can't play spider, which is my favorite game, please fix! Otherwise I love this package of games!
This has been my favorite game until I upgraded my phone to the Galaxy S III, when playing spider there is no way to deal past the first phase. The home button just closes the game, and there isn't a 'deal' option in the menu. Help!
Good
Wow! Cannot play Spider  because I can't get a new deal! New Droid has no search icon while I play" bummer!  Please fix!!
Can't deal cards in spider.... Phone doesn't have search or trackball...no "deck" to tap
I love playing spider solitaire but I can't deal my cards on the galaxy s3 which makes me upset but other then that I love this game
When playing Spider, how do I "deal" more cards?
Terrible game, too many flaws to mention. Uninstalling.
Can't deal in spider solitare GS3
:)
One of my favorite classics, and the app works, so Five stars
Excellent; I wish there was a  pay version which improved on this one e.g., mirror image.
I don't have a search button so there's no way to deal. Please fix!
I've had multiple phones over the past few years and always come back to this app. I love it.
Fun,game,great app
Awesome for it's size. Wish it had a few more games.
was great and 5 stars on my G2 but now I can't deal on my SGS3 since I don't have a search button or a track pad. please fix
Very good
Fun n easy to use... No annoying ads!!!
I'm hooked!
Is sluggish since my upgrade to Droid DNA. :'(
Used to play all the time, but with new phone, there isn't an option for a menu button to switch to spider solitare.
Would be 5 stars as this is the best solitaire app I've used but since last system upgrade the search button no longer lets me deal. Stuck with last game I played with no way if changing it.
How does this app have so many downloads? Its bland and outdated. There are so many more solitaire apps that are so much better. Especially if u have a high end device. Solitaire deluxe is definitely a 1000 times better.
A fun game overall but small on my phone, stinks. Other than that I enjoy playing and no problems. I also like how 3 other games are included with solitare, more options to choose from!
40 thieves puts out all the low cards from the deck first. Can rarely win
I enjoy the Solitaire.  But you cant click the joystick on a Samsung S3 in Spider.  It just does something else Cant find the help to explain the last game, Forty Thieves. Ads are not intrusive.
Loved this game on htc evo 4g...got a new samsung s3 but cant deal cards..has no trackball or search key
Can no longer use on my Galaxy note two no way to deal cards please help
Has worked on all my phones of various specs. Cant ask more than that.
I love the simplicity of this app but am sadly it is no longer usable for spider solitaire on my new phone which does not have a search button, the app requires one to deal. Looks like it's been a long time since the last update, hoping we might get one more?
I have no complaints
Nice
Love this app... its gotten me through countless boring school classes
First time look after loo                           k no coments
Had my smart phone at least 6 months and still cannot play spider because I don't know where to get extra decks. What is trackball
Addicted for years now, I have to put it on every new phone!
I used to LOVE spider solitaire. But I got a new phone and now I can't play it at all because you can't deal since  there is no trackball or search key.
I used this app on my old phone for the longest time because it had spider solitaire. Then when I got a new tablet and phone, there was no search key and thus, no way to deal new cards. So I'm stuck on the same page of spider and forced to play regular, which I hate. So I'm uninstalling it for now and hoping that some new dealing system may be in put in place during my absence so I can have my favorite app back again.
Completly rigged,utterly ludicrous app.Appalling,no stars
Search button used to deal worked before jelly bean update on nexus s. Other than that, one of the best solitaire games available.
love it
Such a osm game sirraa
See title.
Best. Solitaire app on the market. Best time waster.
Not that good cards need to be. Lg.
Great game def download it. Works great on my phone..
I always play thieves...kinda addicting lol
Nexus and other jellybean devices do not have a search button so you can't deal on spider. Used to love the app on my gingerbread phone but now I can't use it.. Uninstalling
Needs a deal button while playing spider solitaire also some tablet optimisation would be good.
I used to love this game! Then I got a galaxy s3 and discovered that spider has no way to deal with this phone. Needs an update to allow dealing through the menu or something for phones with no trackball or search button.
If like plain ole' solitare, with out all the flash,crazy distracting graphics, this the game for you!
Loved this game, but changed phone and cannot deal on spider solitaire anymore as I don't have a search button!?
I loved this app since my first smart phone. .. just got the galaxy note and because I dont have tbe the ball there is no way to deal when playing free cell or spider not good at all ... please fix asap
Samsung Note 2 user. I loved this app on the Droid X, but the visual graphics on this phone are not as sharp. Plus because there is no track ball or search key I cannot play spider solitaire. Taping the deck doesn't work.
Solitaire
Fun intuitive interface, fits on screen well, and light on resources.
I like this apps amd useful for me thanks a lot
Ui blows
The game does not work properly, I cannot select and move stacks of cards, why? I have uninstalled this one and downloaded a simple version of solitaire.
Graphics needs updating. Also it's impossible to draw cards in one of the games
No way to deal spider on GS3. No trackball, search key, or on screen deck. Other games are great.
Great game...
This was my favorite game for about 2 years, now I can't deal in Spider :( have to uninstall because it's just taking up space now.
The first Solitaire game I'd found kept crashing my phone & making it glitch all the time!! This Solitaire app is fantastic!! Only ever had a few tiny issues with it but they were caused by my touchscreen phone & its old age rather then the app itself. If you like card games I highly recommend this app!
I have a galaxy note 2 which does not have a search button or track ball so how do I deal on spider which has no deck to tap on
Can't deal cards in spider on my new phone.  Loved this app on my old phone!
Works well.   Enough options to prevent boredom.
I do not have a track ball or search button, so i am unable deal in spider. Everything else is good. Any fix coming for this?
God
1. Forty Thieves did not install, only Klondike, Free Cell, Spider.   2.  No way to deal cards in Spider.  3. No way to get back to instruction screen.  I installed, uninstalled, and reinstalled to see if that would fix it. No luck. Will uninstall immediately.
I loved this on my old phone. When I upgraded to the galaxy express I couldn't play spider because the hot keys on my phone don't have a search button.
This game is great, best in the market. My best time is 1:02! Id like to know anyone else's
Love the app but since the update to Jellybean the app runs way slower than it did before. What gives?
Nice game
I have found that when playing this on my new HTC One,  that has no tackball I can no longer deal cards to complete a game.
Play it all the time
Have had this app installed for 2 years now and it has NEVER given me any trouble! Never force closes or locks up. Bravo on such a great app!
Good solid app
Putting card stack in upper left hand corner is the worst location for a right hander.  Have to tap deck and then remove hand finger to see card and play field.
Cannot deal in spider solitaire.
Does not work with Galaxy S2 very disappointed as it worked well with my ancient HTC
Simply and fun easy to play on my HTC. I love it. Can't play on my GS3 though.
Solitaire is great. Spider and freecell are impossible to play, because you can't deal.
I just want a simple solitaire game without the ads. This is it.
It hurts my eyes now. Used to play all the time on my EVO but now Samsung galaxy s3... its all blurry. As if not the right pixel or resolution or something technical like that. Uninstalling. Sorry. But great app. If fixed THAT problem would download again. Long time user for that app
Well done.  Best of many versions I've used
Horrible graphics, even for a card game. Just too simple & basic.
After playing constantly, I've looked for others and can't find another to try. After reading reviews for others, and reading of complaints about ads and music, this remains the only one installed.
It is ok as far as solitaire goes but I am not 100% sure of some game's rules and have no idea how to play one of the games. I can not find instructions.
Best solitaire game out there by far!
Plays regular solitaire well, but you don't have a deal button on the nexus 7 for the other games.
have it on two devices and runs great, no ads popup, so I'm guessing ad free.  Love free cell!
Can't deal when playing spider solitaire on my Samsung galaxy s3. Please fix this please. Other than that I love it.
Great game make time past by
Boo!
No frills. Just classic solitaire
Great App
Can't deal on Spider with Droid DNA. I used to love this app on my old phone.
Can't play some of the games with the galaxy 3
Had this installed on my HTC legend but now I have a Google nexus 4 and the cards don't look as crisp and I can't play at all. Touch functions don't work the way they should.
I used this app a lot with my previous droid.   Since my upgrade to the Samsung it has lost the ability to deal another row.  I'm not happy.
Please fix spider on galaxy note2.  I can't figure out how to deal the cards. I enjoy the other games.
Excellent
This is by far the best solitare game out there. The cards are large enough for my poor eyesight and the layout is simple and uncomplicated. I have had this uninstalled on my phone for years.
It's a simple card game. Not all "junked" up with ads and frilly decoration. Sure the graphics could be more crisp but, they don't needed to be. Thanks. (I wish you'd do Minesweeper next :-)
At first I liked this game for its simplicity and no adds. But, after the third day playing it (approximately 25 games) not ONE win! ARE YOU KIDDING ME! uninstall.
Love this version! I've tried others but they just aren't as good. I just updated my android & now I can't play Spider!! Been hooked for almost 2 years. Please fix!!
Awesome
May look okay on small screen phones
I can't play spider anymore since I switched to my galaxy s3. I can still play the other games,  but there's no way for me to deal on that game. :(
Does the job well.
You can not reset it If u no how plz tell me
I just got new phone and cant figure out how to deal cards in spider game. My all time favorite app. Play every day at lunch .... till now, that is....
I loved this game on my old htc, but cant find a way to deal in spider on my galaxy s2. There's no trackball or search key (as per the help) to do so. Please fix...or tell me how to deal if im being a complete idiot here. 5stars on my other device but only the 2 for this one...
Cannot play spider on my galaxy S3.  There isnt a deal button.
I gave it 5 stars when I had my HTC Desire. Can't figure out how to deal with my GS3.
Small, but does all you're after.
The only problem is dealing.  I need to breakout my Bluetooth keyboard so that I can hit the search button to deal.  Perhaps put in a deal button? Plenty of options. Thank you.
I've had no problems and my p.o.s LG optimus is two years old and it work's great on it
Grt apps
FANTASTIC app. Didn't have any problems until I upgraded my phone. I now have the Galaxy S3, which I love, except now I have no way to deal on "spider" game :'(. Wishing for a "fix". The other games work fine.
Graphics blurry
I absolutely love it its a great game I always play it during my lunches at school :) Very fun
Used to be fun, but hasn't supied a winning hand in ten days.  Can't deal in Spider.  Despite repeated notices both in Play store and on developer's website , no fix.  No updates in over two years.  Uninstalled.
Simply one of the best free games
Can't deal cards in Spider on HTC Desire. Solitaire is flawless though and kills time, 5* once you fix spider.
Bad it,s quality so bad :O
Love it.
I loved playing this on my LG Vortex and looked great on it, then I upgraded to the Samsung Nexus and the resolution bothers me. Need to update. Otherwise great app kills time and more fluid than other free solitaire apps I've tried.
I've been playing solitaire for many days and not even once i'd win!!!!wth is this..horrible!!!!!!
Annie
Well that was the quickest install/uninstall that I've ever done! I got to play 1 stinking game and after I saw that there weren't anymore moves I couldn't even close the game out! Furthermore, there wasn't an option for me to try any of the other solitaire games!  Very disappointing.  :/
Ok game
When I play spider I can't click on the deck to give me more cards cus its not their. The instructions say u can do it by hitting the search button but I have a my touch it dosnt come with that
Mst
there's no way to deal on spider solitaire..so bad..no search button to deal.
I play Spider the most, and because newer Android phones don't have a search button, Spider doesn't work.  This needs to be fixed.  Then this is a five star app.
4 games in 1
Kept losing for 3 hours on regular solitaire. Got to the very end of a game, and there was no 3 of hearts to finish it.
You can't deal cards on devices that don't have a search button. (e.g. Galaxy S3)
Can't play spider game! After all the complaints why won't Ken add an onscreen deck to spider game like his Klondike game? It can't be that hard can it? He doesn't even respond to anything whatsoever. Bad P R.
Cmon guys read your comments still no deal button in spider so cant play it. Apart from that would be 4 stars unless you up the graphics.
Good
Great when you are waiting for someone. It is addictive!
Love playing this game on both phone and laptop!
It has me hooked. Though for some reason it force closes when I complete a game and that the only thing.
With my new Galaxy s3, when playing spider, I can't find a way to deal from 5 deals I have left! There's no track ball, no deck on the board or any other way I can find to deal. Can you help me?
I love the freecell,  forty thieves, and basic but I can't play Spider because there's no way to deal with this phone.
Generally good, but freezes on occasion
but lacks imagination. You're not reinventing the wheel here, but those graphics should have stayed on my original Windows desktop. You know, before they had numbers/dates for their OS names? Looks blotchy on my phone and made my eyes hurt. Too bright.
This is a great way to pass time and way better than BlackJack!
Simple, smooth, fast, addicting fun!
5* for small efficient app, all others are bloatware. -1* no trackball/search button - no menu option to deal!!!
Enjoyed Spider Solitaire on old phone but the app does not work on new phone. No search button, visible deck or trackball.   Please fix this so I can enjoy the app again. In past it plays very well.
Game is great for regular solitare, and used to be great for spider. But most phones (I use the S3) no longer have a search key so you cannot deal again in spider. Five stars if they fix that.
Solitare helps with an adult at all days
Good
There is no way to deal the cards in Spider.
Used app on many android platforms but now have galaxy s3 cannot play all games
UGLY PLAIN DULL
Use to love to play this game on my HTC g2, but now I can't play anymore on my Samsung Galaxy S III. There is no way to deal the cards when playing spider solitaire. Please fix!!
Buggy. Forty Thieves rarely has a winnable game. After years of playing it my win average is less that than 10%. Poor development in my opinion.
I have both a galaxy s3 and a galaxy 10 inch tablet.  Since there's no search button several of the card games are unplayable because you can't deal.
This is honestly my most used app. I play it whenever I can't sleep, I'm bored, or I just get an itch to play one of these great card games. The fact that there are no ads, no stupid unwanted animations or noises is what makes this the best solitaire, spider, freecell, and forty thieves app. There's enough options to make the games fun and challenging. My favorite part is that I can play it late at night and not be blinded by the brightness. I love this app so much. And will continue to use it.
Gamer
Kick
Works well on Galaxy Nexus and Nexus 7
This game cheats!!! It deals the same cards hand after hand! I can't uninstall this ish fast enough!!! One star is too good for this app!!!
Only play spider, but its my favorite time killer. Practically no battery usage, no bugs.
I have a GS3 and there's no tracker ball button nor a search button. Just the home key, menu key, and back button. You're kinda up the creek if that's the case
How do you deal cards in spider if you have no trackball or search key?
Good solitaire game without ads and doesn't ask for any crazy permissions like so many android games. Thank you for making it. On my Nexus 10 the graphics look very low resolution but I'm not complaining. I'd rather have no ads than perfect graphics.
This game is  not download please fix it i am waiting
Just upgraded phone, now I dont have a search button and cant deal on spider. Its worthless now.
A nice and simple game
I'm assuming it's just with jelly Bean because it was there on ICS. But the deal card is not there in spider solitaire. Please update.
Only thing lacking is better graphics
Does what it says on the tin
Kia...!
I've played a lot of solitary games that's way better quality. Yeah its alright.
Excellent solitaire app, I only uninstalled due to no portrait mode option. Otherwise faultless.
Not compatible with galaxy s 3 by far my favorite solitare game just can't play it any more
Great quality game
I loved  this game-- until today, when I upgraded my phone. I have no tracking ball, no search button, and no deck visible on the screen in spider solitare. Hence, I have no way of dealing the next set is cards to play. Bummer.
works fine on an old Evo 4g running gingerbread. Long since been abandoned by developer. Installed on Asus 10" tablet running jellybean, the phone-size display is scaled up & very pixelated. And there's no search button to deal cards - fine for all games except spider which can't be played.
I loved playing these solitaire games on my old LG vortex. Not so much on my new HTC Incredible. The games expect one to use the back button on the phone to undo moves and the search button to deal more cards. The HTC doesn't have a back button or a search button so I can't undo moves and spider is useless since I'm unable to deal more cards. :-(
Its just the same as any.
Any time I get an incoming call or message it resets my game and score! Frustrating
I like playing free cell. The regular solitaire I don't win alot. 40 thieves I don't know too much about, overall great game.
In solitaire cannot change dealing options.  This app is my guilty pleasure please fix.
This is one of my very favorite casual games to kill a few minutes with. No flashy graphics, no sound, just a great version of a classic card game.
Love this solitaire collection, but switched to galaxy s3 and now can't deal in spider. Very upsetting! Please fix!
I love love this app but with my nexus I can't deal cards when playing spider solitaire as there is no search button. So that's a little annoying. If that were fixed this would have five stars
Need help on my evo LTE. I can deal on the spider game.
I love forty thieves!
I love this game and played it all the time in my last couple of phones. I can't play it on my new Samsung Galaxy Note II. The spider won't let me deal. :(
Could use some instructions on how to play 40 Thieves
Had this on my LG Shine & liked it. Now I can't deal cards when playing Spider on my Samsung Galaxy SIII. There *is* no 'search' button. Uninstalled.
Best app. Clean, doesn't eat battery, no adds, multiple games, keeps records. Fast, good cards are usually dealt. I have 800+ attempts, 32% win rate, and fastest time is 1:31. Beat that!
I'm enjoying this, even with the dodgy graphics. It's definitely designed for a different platform though - there is no way of doing extra deals in spider solitaire. The instructions say to tap the deck (there isn't one), or to click the trackball/search button (seriously?!). Checked on google to find other users are equally frustrated, is a real shame as it spoils an otherwise great app.
Varieties great
Very gud game. Thanks
Hey guys it doesn't work on my TAB no search button to deal the cards please fix....deal could be a double tap where it shows how many decks you have left....pleas fix it's my nightly sleeping pill...
I love this app and have had it on my past two phones but since I got my new phone (htc EVO 4g LTE) I can't play spider because it does not have a search button/scroll ball. Please update!!
but I just bought a galaxy 3s and I cant deal on spider solitaire there isnt a search key....  if this gets fixed I will most defiantly download and leave a better review
I've loved this app for years on my phones, and is the best solitaire I've tried. However, on the nexus 10 I can't play because there isn't a "search" button to deal the cards. Also, the graphics look really poor on the 10" screen.
Used to play on droid 2 now I have galaxy s3 cant deal no more for spider solitare
Very good & short
Fantastic (lack of) permissions. I love that it's ad free and not loaded with crap but the graphics are pretty bad. If these were improved it would definitely be five stars.
Just got a new phone - Samsung Galaxy S3 - and no way to deal in Spider. No trackball or search button on this phone. Very disappointed - played this every day on my previous phone.
No more moves yet couldn't start a new game. Couldn't do anything but keep shuffling. Bummer.
Good game! ^^
Great game to have on your phone no bugs that I have found.
Most times many same rank cards are showing together in the columns. Usually cant complete the sequence.
I find the game very relaxing. I just love it.
Nice game simple n best. One star less for low graphics
I love this app!  I've used it for years, but since my phone broke and I had to get a galaxy nexus in a pinch, there is no "search" key; thus, I'm always stuck on the first deal in spider solitaire.  Please make a "deal" button so I don't have to use on of those crappy solitaire apps that just don't compare.
Works great on my phone but can't use the deal search key option with my Galaxy Tab 2 & neither have a trackball. Help!!!
Having just tried it I like the ease of use and pretty decent graphics too
Can't deal spider solitaire with galaxy 3 so essentially u can't play.
Pretty good
I liked to play this game on my old phone. Now I have a galaxy note 2 and it doesn't have a track ball or search button. Makes it hard to play
Unfortunately, I had to get a new phone and have no way to play being as having no search button and no way to access menu. If you could change this it would be perfect.!!
10/10
Compact. :-)
Gotta delete until spider is accessible on s3
My ZTE Warp sequent does not have a search button. Therefore I cannot play spider solitare which I love. Please fix this!
it's the basic game.
No ads, works great.
Great set of games. Had on my old phone, Samsung galaxy s, worked great on there. Can't deal another row of cards on spider solitaire in new phone though. New phone is Motorola electrify 2. Loved this game. Was very upset when i found out it wouldn't work on new phone
awesome game except theres no deal button for spider solitaire on the galaxy III
Great
Confused.. I love this app its so cool and I play it all the time.. but I don't know how to deal with my galaxy s 3... it worked perfectly on my old phone.. but I don't have a search key on this phone... help!!!!
It was okay but nt as I acpected
This was my favorite app on my old phone. So disappointed I can't use it now.  No way to recall cards on some  of the games
Easy, simple, and fun
Fast and fun..could become adictive.
Works great but erases score randomly.
Does not allow you to start a new game once you are stuck
Razor m I can't get the game to deal a new set of cards it keeps bringing up a Stupid menu fix it our I'm uninstalling.
I have this app on my smart phone and I love it!!! I just got a tablet and can't play spider because it doesn't have a search button to deal.... please fix so I can keep & play this app
My phone (Sony Xperia Tipo) doesn't have a search button or direction pad, so spider doesn't work. I'd love to play it - just need somewhere on screen to tap to draw the cards. Otherwise, a very addictive game!
I absolutely LOVE this Solitarie app , the best feature in my opinion is that is doesn't use the internet &, having At&t internet is treasured . But I'm sad to say I can't use it anymore . Unfortunately the new , new smart phones don't have trackballs or search buttons . I have the HTC One X &, I really want to use this app, so I think it would be a great idea to find another way to deal the cards . I'm going to the end review in a positive manner thou , this app is a wonderful app to have . So go get it !
Wonderful
My only issue is the game needs an alternate way of dealing in spider for phones without a search button. Sure the graphics are meant for smaller screens but this is the most lightweight game ever. I love it!
Freecell and regular solitaire work fine.   However,  can't view deck on Spider so unable to deal.   Help not helpful.
...in the "Spider" mode there's no way to deal cards on the Nexus 7.  The instructions say to tap the pile, the trackpad, or search, but none of those are options for me.
I have a Samsung Galaxy Axiom and I don't have a search key or track ball so I can not deal when playing Spider Solitaire. Please fix because I love this app!
Favorite app four my smart phone but cant use on my tablet. I hope they fix soon.
Like this game; worth downloading.
Great game and small too
No ads! Loveit! Tried others, always come back to this one.
Very addicting BUT....not very random. When I play with cards I have WAY more success. Too many full houses facing up...too many perfectly buried cards. Think I'll move on. Far to frustrating.
I just uninstalled the mobility ware app cause it started screaming video ads at me. I like this one, simple, ad free
Exactly!
Love this app. I play this all the time. Very relaxing & a great time killer when needed.
Love the multiple games, works like a charm.
Love the simplicity!
It works great for solitaire but I started playing Spider recently on a family members iPad and when I tried to play on my Samsung Galaxy S3 I spent ages tapping the screen and pushing buttons to find it's impossible to deal :( I only took off 2 stars because I mainly play solitaire so I'm not that bothered, but it's pretty poor that popular phones like mine haven't been considered in the designing stage.
It's great except for the fact that you can't deal on spider solitaire.
There needs to be a way to deal cards instead of a search button. On the one x there is no search button and thus is impossible to complete the game
Great game because it is more straight forward than most others. People complaining about fuzzie icons should just adjust the game settings to small icons. The problem with this game is the shear number of deals that have no solution at all. Is this just for the entertainment of the developers? I can see no other reason no to design it this way.
A genus game only genus can play
On spider, I can't deal because I don't have a trackball or search button. The only buttons I have are options, recent, home, and back. If you made a series deck of cards on screen as the deal button, that would be awesome.
Seems to be.what many know as freecel. Hard to tell. But it is not solitaire.
I loved this app but when I switched from the samsung infuse to note 2 It no longer has a search button so I cant deal
But I don't know how to play.:-)
:-)
Ohkayy
How do you deal in spider solitare on a galaxy s 3?
This is the only solitaire app that i honestly enjoy. Ive tried others, but not as user friendly as this one.
Fun games in one app
Some good games, simple interface, and has never crashed on me on four different android devices.
Graphics are not great, UI isn't that intuitive.
Everything you want from solitaire, nothing you don't want. My favorite app.  Sorry to report, but it's still not dealing in spider.
Great for casual freetime :)
keeps me tied to my phone..... really a good one
Love this game it's perfect.
I received a screen that said "Sanity Check" which made me giggle.
I don't have the 40 thieves and there is no shuffle button for the spider solitare, but free cell and regular play great
This has multiple card games, many configurations and no advertising which makes it far superior to the mobilityware app despite its lower quality graphics and lack of portrait mode.
Hi
I loved this app until I got a phone with no dedicated search button, which the game relies on to deal. I had almost given up on it all together until another reviewer figured out that you can hold down a button to switch between solitaire games, but in my favorite one (Spider) I still can't get it to deal between rounds.
Lady
Ken Magic
Fails to deal cards in Spider Solitaire.   Uninstall.  Lots of other card games that work.
Uninstalled until I hear that you are no longer collecting data from me. Google "solitaire + engadget + Intel study."
This game is just great straight up fun!
Sorry.
I love this game! Only one problem. I can't play spider dollar because my phone doesn't have a physical enter key. Unable to deal new cards. Please fix. This is my favorite app!
I do not have a trackball and do not know where the search button is.  Help!
Only able to use regular solitaire. Spider solitaire is missing the decks and freecell doesn't show one of the boxes on the right.
Excellent
Was fun for a while but vegas version only lets u win about 1/300. Game after game without 1 single possible move. Uninstalled
Crap graphics
when I first installed this I was very pleased that it needed no permissions.  but now I notice it wants "read phone state and identity ".   why the change?    I would give 5 stars without the seemingly unnecessary permission.  now I can't call it anything but average.
Love the simplicity and performance of this free app in Klondike. Would love to play spider solitaire but unusable on my Droid Razr M as need a ball or search button to deal?! Please add the ability to deal with either a long click context menu, from game menu or some other means that would allow me to use all game modes and I will give this app the five stars the rest of the app deserves.
Great game but does not work on RAZR Maxx HD. The game relies on Search button . This button is missing on HD ( Motorola removed it)
So i can't deal new cards
Fix it so I can deal in spider. I don't have a search key. Will be 5 stars if you fix it.
Love it
Great for when it's time to do #2
Simple and fast. Dont need more!
I have been playing this game for months and I rarely win. A challenge is one thing but consistently playing without winning a single hand is just boring. Uninstalling
Great game
There is no way to deal with this phone. I love to play spider, but cannot now unless this is fixed.please fix it soon as this is my favorite game.
The game is great but I can't deal in spider... Please fix this, that's my favorite type of solitaire game and all the dedicated spider ones suck...
Very nice game i like it
I dont have a track ball so not sure how to get the deck to deal .please fix this fir those who dont have track ball. Had the same issue on my phone. Otherwise i love this app. Ive been using it for years!
I love this game...
Love to play this game
Works well enough, but Softick's version is head & shoulders better. Uninstalling
Just like what everybody else said....no deal button on s3  super disappointing. loved this game my HTC. Would give 5 stars if they fixed!
Runs choppy all the time...I know it's not my phone cause it ran the same on my last 3 phones and they were all top of the line like this one is...
Like
Favorite game is spider and cant deal cards on galaxy111 cause no option button works have played for years and got a new phone and now this game is a dinosaur
Please update with a deal button. There is no search button on the galaxy s 3!
Awesome app!
Game kept making my phone freeze
Xcelent...
I can't deal in spider solitaire due to no trackball or search button. Needs to fix the app for people who don't have either option! Otherwise the app works great for me.
Have had this one for so long and still find it the best
Loved on old phone, but no Galaxy S III (or other similar phones) support. This phone has no search button or trackball, so spider solitaire is impossible.
Can't seem to play it on nexus 4.  Loved it on my g1...
I loved this app, but since my new Note II spider (my favorite) is unplayable. There needs to be a deal button for phones without a search soft key. A graphic improvement would be nice but the simplicity of the app is why I love it and another. I would rate 5 stars if I could play spider.
This game is 20 times harder to win than playing with a real deck of cards! Programer has a problem.
Do not use, freezes up and my phone is only 2 weeks old.
I can't play this on my Droid RAZR because I don't have the proper button. Pretty lame.
Doesn't work with my new phone - can't deal new hand - very disappointed
Love it.
I had this on my Thunderbolt and played it all the time, however now that I have a Galaxy S3 I can't play spider solitare because there is no way to deal.  Other than that it is a great app!
Hated the other I got. This was very fun. Nice job.
The graphics are a bit old school. Spider solitaire doesn't work on my tablet as it is missing a key button to deal the cards. 3 stars for low grade graphics and unable to play spider solitaire.
The spider solitaire cant be played as there is no next deal.  Solitaire it self is real windows like app. I deducted 1 star for unplayable spider solitaire.
Classic
I play this a lot. Love it...no ads. But there are times where for 3 days straight, I won't win any. I don't even get 1/4 of the way through the deck. Something is wrong. I have over 3000 games played so I'm no stranger to solitaire. Please fix
Why does the game reset when I get to 7K when playing solitaire Vegas style? Frustrating!
Literally impossible to play Spider on Galaxy Note since you can't deal. Otherwise, adorably minimalist and lightweight app.
A good collection of card games without ads.
Galaxy nexus doesn't fit my screen therefore no way to deal cards when playing spider. Was my fav game on other phones. Spent hours playing. This sucks guys. :(
I absolutely love this game. Challenging and also gives you something to do when you're bored
Solitare
Good app but must use large cards on my galaxy s3 for better clarity of graphics.
Works great on my phone. Pretty low rez on tablet. I use this app more than any other.
I am not big on graphics (grew up playing Atari) but the ones on this game are horrible. The glare and pixelation make it difficult to see. I couldn't deal
my ony issue is that i could move a single card or a stack of cards but not part way through a stack. More of an issue in 40 thieves than rhe solitair.
Never a glitch
Cool.
This was a great game for spider solitare. The first phone to knock Apples soxs off and your not keeping pace with the market. Do you have an idea of how many S3 users there are.
Stacks of cards stick and don't move properly.  I had this prblem both with spider and free cell. Uninstalling.
I absolutely love this version of spider solitaire. When i got my new phone, the Samsung Galaxy, I dont have a search button or trackball and there is no deck visible for me to deal the next set of cards. Please fix this problem so I can start playing again. Thanks
Now that I upgraded to the s3 which lacks a search button, I can't play spider. Needs a way to deal that doesn't rely on physical buttons
Simple and addictive solitaire app
This was the perfect game until a phone update made the search button open a search window even if you're using an app.  Unfortunately the spider game is impossible now.  There really needs to be an alternate way to deal the cards.
Love 3 of them...cannot find any cards to deal in spider bummer
Newer phones with no search button or trackball have no way of playing because they cannot deal, this needs to be fixed, but I love the game just because it's good on your battery...it's a card game, how good do the graphics really need to be.......
Solitare-game out there!
Loved this app on all my phones till now. Cant deal cards on galaxy s3 because of no search button. Please fix, I loved this app
I dont have a track ball or a search button on my phone so i cant deal in spider! This really blows! This is the best and simplest solitaire program and i cant use it now that ive gotten a new phone without a track ball. Fail.
Always does the trick when im bored 
Is amazing and downloads very fast
Used to love it, but.. Can't use this app on my galaxy s3. The option to deal in spider is not available
Thank you Ken
I've had this game ever since I got my first Android phone. It is awesome and has such a small footprint. My only issue is I can't deal cards on my new phone since it lacks a search button and a trackball like many newer phones.
But I love it
I particularly like the implementation of forty thieves.
It's ok but the small cards & bright green background against them is hard on my eyes
Keeps crashing
No network access. So special permissions. Just the game.  I wish more apps were built this way.
Apps need your location usually are those unsafe apps?
Small size, solitaire and free cell work great. I have no search button so I can't play spider. 40 thieves does nothing, would be good if this came with instructions.
I like it
This has been the most entertaining game for me since my first cellphone, but now my Galaxy S3 does not have a button to deal! Will give 5 stars when you guys find a way.
Simple and plain Solitaire does everything the original Windows Solitaire does without adding too much flair or being bogged down with ads. Wonderfully designed app!
When playing spider solitaire, there is no way for me to deal a new stack. The help says to tap the new deck pile, but there isn't a stack showing.
Makes automatic moves for you which can screw up the chances of winning. Doesn't tell you when there are no more moves left.
Horrible
I had to uninstall this app as I couldn't read the cards and had a hard time telling the suits of the same color apart.
Other card apps are way better
I should win more
No trackball or search key on new tablet, no way to pull up touchscreen, can't deal. I've had this app on several devices, sad I can't use it anymore.
I put this on every phone I get, it's a perfect time waster!
Awesome! Never had a problem. Doesn't watching the battery!! I've had this app on my phone for 2 years!!
No special permissions,  just good old solitare!   Thank you so much!   Which more developers would follow your lead :)
Fun games for almost no use of your phone's memory :)
Why can't all apps be like this?
Great simple game. No ads and no scary permissions.  My one gripe would be in solitaire too often when a card is revealed it's the same value as the one that  was moved. Some suspect lack of randomness going on
Does exactly what it says it would do. Also it has never ever crashed.
I loved this app on my HTC Desire but (literally) no deal option on my Galaxy S3 otherwise I'd give it 5 stars.
Some games thrown are very complex! Very good brain teaser! Absolute brain workout!
Graphics aren't the best but I like that its not glossy and gimmicky. Function over form. BUT! Functionality is hampered in Spider in that I can't more more than one card at a time. Can't move full or partial stacks. Please fix or tell me what I'm doing wrong.
I love this game and play it when I want to relax!
I loved this game when I had my HTC Evo but now with my Galaxy S III the game is not compatible because I do not have a search button to deal the cards. If this could be fixed, I'd gladly re-download.
Perfect
Another app that looks like hell on a tablet screen. Great for phones though.
I really don't like the layout or how it runs.
I used this version for two years on my DROID X...now have a RAZR Maxx HD and there is no search button option for dealing!  Please do something...love your versions of these games!!!
Ok its not HD , bearable , but that i cant put one card over another ??? Why and the screen is shaking all the time .
I have had this game on the last four phones I have had in the last several years and it has never sucked!!!!
12% win rate, finally achieved so I'm clearing  stats to see if I've improved. Some games have no options of play.
Small and perfectly formed
How do you deal with a Samsung galaxy s lll?. I don't have a search our a trackball
I love this game.... Great free version but I can't deal the cards on spider solitare because I have no search key or trackpad. Please update!!!
Great
I looked to Solitaire for stress relief because it keeps my focus. It helps me to drop everything to focus on this one thing and its amazing. It quickly calms the nerves and allows me to think clearly.!!
Starts a game of Klondike that you can't get out of because there are no on screen controls for quitting, starting a new game, switching to a different version of solitaire, etc. Terrible interface, no help screen,nothing.
Its a very nice game for everyone to play at any age.
Uninstalling because the graphics are so low quality that it would give me headache. I have Galaxy Note2. But it doesn't intrude on the phone with dodgy permissions like most other apps so 3 stars instead of 1.
Impossible to win
Thanks again
Great app but does freeze occasionally
Great
Its one of the best apps on Android to pass your time like anything..
I love this app
Easy to use, works well and relieves 5 mins of boredom!
Can't play spider as there is no option to deal on galaxy ace
This is an awesome game.
So lovely game with such s little memory usuage
Brilliant i love this game it passes time
I like this app.
Exactly what I was looking 4.
This is a good game
Awesome solitaire app
I agree very fuzzy!!
I like it
solitaire
By far my favorite game, gotta get it
Love this game! I've installed it to all my phones in the past two years.
Used to play this like crazy on  my galaxy s but I have the s3 and Can't deal now that I don't have a search button... anyone have any suggestions ???
On my Nexus 4, you can no longer move the whole stack. I've had this app for years on two other Android phones. : ( Please fix it.
Looks bad on my Nexus 7. Very outdated graphics.
Perfectly done app, well executed! Try, options menu and choose large card art if you don't like default cards. Remember to scroll to bottom of options and accept.  If you don't have search button try something like button savior. Enjoy the best solitaire app out there. 2 years and no update and consistently in top free apps. That is saying something right there.
Love it love it love it
Best game ever
I like this game its so fun
Simple, solid, no frills. Satisfying. No ads. Thank you, Ken Magic.
can't end the game if no more moves. poor quality.
Hand always crossing board for pile is a deal breaker.
Would be a 5 if I could deal spider on my galaxy s3. please update and add a deal button.  was my fav game on my other droids.
Tried uninstalling and reinstalled, same problem. It's a shame, had this on my last phone (same model) and it worked fine. Please fix!
Ok app. Kinda laggy
Love the fact that I can play whenever I want without having to go to my desktop...
On my Samsung tablet, trying the Spider Solitaire, I could not work out how to deal and the help tips didn't work. The graphics quality was also poor. Immediately uninstalled.
I play this game when I want to unwind the different versions help break up the games, but still relax me.
Just updated my phone, and now I can't deal cards as there is no 'search' key! Loved this on my HTC DesireHD, and would love it to work on my new OneXL, but so annoyingly CANNOT!
I have spent many hours on the game, addictive. However cannot deal on spider, wish this was fixed.
4 stars for my phone, but only three stars for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 7 plus.  In Spider, can't deal the deck because there is no track ball or search button.  Amy help appreciated.
Needs an update for larger screens have had this for more then 2 years please update
Tried ti play spider and there is no deck to deal from. No menu. What did u do to this great app.
Love it
Love playing this especially wen i bored or waiting,
Game was good, but last release has bug: every time you start the apparently, it runs as if it was the first time. The summary of how to play is shown and any game in progress is lost. It is nearly unusable.
I loved this game on my old phone, but now that I have the Droid razor Max HD I can't deal in solitaire. I realized this after looking like an idiot for ten minutes pushing every button and spot on the screen! :(
Its easy and fun.
especially love it before it doesn't require any special permissions :-)
I love it, keeps me from stressing
But now it doesn't work because my RAZR doesn't have a search button to deal
88kb no permissions... what do you waiting for?
Defiantly not made for the use of bigger screens such as my Galaxy Note. Graphics look fuzzy and illegible. At first look I thought my eyes were gone. Otherwise the game is simple and ok but U R stuck with 1 card back only. So unfortunately I have 2 keep looking.
How dO I deal if I don't have a search button on my Droid RAZR max HD
No unnecessary permissions, easy controls and tidy. Good game.
Me and my girlfriend downloaded this
Best
Had this for years, but after upgrading my phone I can't deal when playing Spider. Also game is not meant for newer models
Great solitaire app!
Nice
Dude. I play this all day long....
Can't win just found out why missing a king and a 2 thanks for the 100 plus games of aggrivation
Good
I loved this app on my old phone, but on Samsung S3 there is no way to deal for spider solitaire (my favorite game), since there is no track ball or search button.
Works great.
Best there is.
Love this app, small size with a lot in it.
Nice@great
HOW TO DEAL THE CARDS ON MY S3!!!!!!!!!????
Very bad
Nice play, smallish
With a little work it could be great. Just needs better graphics and more sensible default options.
!
Love it
There is no search button or track ball on Android Samsung Galaxy Nexus (jellybean o.s.). Cannot deal cards on Spider game :(  Other games work well.
I could never get more than one card to move. So frustrating when others gave the application 4.5 stars.
On spider solitare it won't let me move more than a couple cards (say I have a 6, 7, 8, and 9. The 6, 7, and 8 will move but the 9 stays put)
I play it daily and it's all I need on phone!
Love this solitaire ap
Crap needs update NOW
Really bad, spider could not be finished cos cards missing when you get near the end. Could also have a hint option
I have enjoyed this game on my Droid X. However, after upgrading to the Droid Maxx, there is no way to deal in the Spider game. There is no track ball or search icon in the game. Unless there is an upgrade to this I'll have to delete.
Best ever
Have trouble dealing cards on Spider with HTC One, but had this app on Inspire and loved it. If graphics don't look right, go to options and choose large font. Looks great.
Unable to restart or start a new game
Terrible dont waste time
Muy buen game.
Good
I'm satisfied! I play it everyday, all day, and ever chance I get.
Love it
to much negative to even try very bad graphics ect
Excellent app, but how many possible ways are there to make a winning hand? There's just so many, I still don't know it can make so many hands!
The app does not handle the fluid screen rotation that I expected on my nexus 7 also the graphics appeared a little sub standard  Frank
Cards are poorly randomized.
With my new Samsung it won't let me go to menu and change the options.
Had this app on my HTC Incredible and LOVED IT!  It was one of the first apps I reloaded when I upgraded to the GS3.....only to find out I can't play Spider cause I can't deal the cards.  Please fix.  :(
Solitare
:)
I can ONLY play solitare.. I can't play spider solitare cause I don't have a deal button. Please add one for Samsung galaxy s 3.. used to love this game!!
Love this
Cannot deal on this device.
I've tried a few games and the other solitaire games are way to slow,I love this one!
Ok
Cant load
Townsend
New android does not have search button and there is no other way to deal cards in some games. Graphics are poor on new phones.
Love it
As another viewer stated the video is poor.  Just installed on a Asus Slider and the quality is extremely poor.  This app is a staple to my list of needed apps. I will be upgrading my phone soon to a Galaxy Note II and this will or has a good chance of looking horrible on it.  Please, Please fix it so I can give 5 stars.
Really like it, simple and easy to navigate. However I don't have a search key or trackball and can't deal in spider solitaire >:(
Can not play spider on galaxy siii. No deck to deal
Terrible graphics, doesn't offer hints. Can't change design. Only good thing is it doesn't have ads. Going back to mobilityware.
Aniket
I tried to play the other games that were included but they wouldnt run on my tmobile my touch 4g. Solitare was fun though.
Stupid
Why should you spend hours upon hours to win 1 game of solitaire? This game is setup to make you lose 100 times before you'll win once. Very poor engine, no replay value.
I love this app on my older phone.  Sadly it doesn't work on my newer hardware.
Play is great and the phone does not expect all your personal info!!!
This is an extremely excellent app, but I have 2 suggestions. 1. An undo button should be there. 2. In spider solitare, we should nit be able to deal if there are any empty rows. This is a rule but is not applying here.
Needs to be updated so that the cards can be dealt in spider on the G 3. The new galaxy doesn't have a scroll button or search button. Maybe put a deal cards button in one off the lower corners. Other than that, I love it.
Love it
Best I've tried
amazing
No way to deal spider on HTC one
Good game but need to update because some phone don't have search key.
Best der is bitches
I love this game, it's nice and simple, but my new phone doesn't have a search key so I can't deal on Spider.  Please fix!!!
This game is really fun.
Love it!
Yeeehhhh!:D haha
In spider solitare on Samsung galaxy s3
This game is like so easy love it and love 40 theives
This is the best game ever.
40 thieves
Would be absolutely perfect except for the fact that when u try and play spider solitaire there's no deck to deal. Fix it!
Brilliant
Doesn't work on s3 or nexus s with jellybean
Great for my phone
To fix the poor graphic resolution, go into options and chose large deck.  It is just like on my older phone now.  Perfect!  LOVE THIS GAME!!!!
Awful graphics but there isn't any intrusive ads which is nice. I'm going to uninstall until I can get this on SD card storage
This apps don't run on ics! Used to love this apps but when change phone I can't deal cards.
The cards don't shuffle !
It's not full screen for my phone.
How do you deal cards - am using a Samsung Note GT-n7000
This game has been on every one of my smart phones, I love playing it... My new phone - the Droid HD - doesn't have a search key or a track ball, I've tried every key & it looks like I can't deal for spider... So bummed! :(
Love it!
Love it the best solitaire for your phone or tablet
No way to deal on Spider Solitaire 'coz there is no search button on the HTC One X. Otherwise, best on market.
On Samsung's Galaxy S 3 there's no button or way to deal out the deck when playing Spider Solitarie. Please do something about that!
I played this game every night on my incredible.  But now that I have a Razer M can't play. Don't have a track ball or search button.  Hope they change it.  Then give 5 stars.
Great
Bought a samsung galaxy s3 and with no search button I simply cannot play spider.
!
Superb!
Love this game but please add a deal button so I can play Spider on my Galaxy S 3!
I have the new Motorola HD Maxx & when playing the Spider game, there is no way to deal the cards.
Fun
Love dis game
May not have impressive graphics but is the best functioning application amongst solitaire applications
solitare is a nice game
I play this SEVERAL times each day. Id be bored without it. One of the ONLY apps that doesn't screw up.
Good game while underground
Love the four games on this app. Gotta have spider though. Can't deal cards in spider. Gotta uninstall until this is fixed.
I had this on my lg and after getting the galaxy s3 i can't deal cards anymore since i don't have a search key. If I could play it again it would be a 5 star for sure.
No permissions required!!  And its a decent game. Must have App....!!! -   SAMSUNG INFUSE 4G  ASUS Nexus 7
Great
Graphics could use a tweak to make the suit of the card a little easier to be able to tell them appart.  Though for the basic program that doesn't have any requirements like gps or full network access. It is excellent. I will always rate this high.  As for the comment on qvga, that resolution would be to low to function.
Amazing on my Droid bionic but it doesn't fill the hole screen. It would be nice if it did. Other then that it's amazing and works amazing.
My favorite game on my old phone.  New phone has no search button, so I can't deal cards.  Alas.
Not great!  But it is free.
It needs to download faster so.we dont have to wait as long!!
Play it for hours
This is the app if u want to olay a sumple game. Nothing fancy.
Small file, no permissions, as basic as solitaire should be, the best one for phones available.
Ok lor
Its solitare
No ads, no permission this is awesome.
great
If this app were actually dealing solitaire in Vegas, you all would be in jail for fixing and fraud. Worst ever.
Seems obvious the program needs work. Most games come up with all suits of particular number within a few draws.
There doesn't seem to be a way to make the cards larger!
Helps pass the time when I don't have a book.
I love this app. But can't play spider because it uses the search button to deal. Galaxy S3 doesn't have one. 5 stars with fix
Great app. A little low res. But, smooth and fun. Love it
I really enjoy play this game.
I've loved this game version for years but I just upgraded phones and this one doesn't have a search button... :(  please fix!!!
I can not play spider on galaxy S2, there is no deck or search button....
This game works well. It's smooth and configurable, and I would recommend it to any fan. I'd like to be able to change the deck, or even set the background to a picture, or have it use my desktop(?) image as a background. Thanks for this one.
Love it have had it on my phone for 2years now never had a problem with it :)
Couldn't figure out how to deal cards in spider. Help was too generic. Maybe it's just my galaxy..
Cannot deal cards playing spider on a galaxy s3
The app is a great concept, but there's still a lot that doesn't work. I wish the dev had at least tested it first. . .
Couldnt make anymore moves...then game doesnt shut down??? wtf.
Unfortunately, can't deal Spider on new Galaxy S3. Please fix!
Reeeeally hard to see.
Theres no deal button game sucks.
Very addictive and fun!  Use the "back" button", Connie.
No ads!
Stupid game... Don't install it, guys.
Good game but I can't deal in Spider because I have no search button or trackball. Samsung Galaxy S2
Awesome
Great game!
Love it
I really like this game.try it.
My sincere thanks to the developer. Nothing fancy, but it works, and isn't peeping in my underwear drawer.
Easy to use, great for waiting rooms
R they really free???
Weak in the graphics, but works! Always ready when I want to kill time. Never crashes. Good work!
I like the simplicity of the backgrounds on this, but it doesn't seem compatible with Galaxy S3. There is no way to deal that I can find... If that is fixed, I'd give it 4 stars.
This simple version of solitaire has become a staple on any of my Android devices.  With no permissions and its extreme lightweight construction, I have grown to love it.  I would love to see an update with increased resolution.
Hi
Find another one.
Old app used to play this on my palm.  passes the time.
I like this game
Waste of time.
Lots of fun!
Loved this on my HTC EVO 4G and Archos tablet.   No search button to deal on my Galaxy SIII though.
I can't play the spider part because i don't have a search key or track ball sooooo please fix !!!
...just not on a GSIII.  Just upgraded to GSIII, and tried to play. To deal, you have to press the search key to deal. The GSIII doesn't have it, therefore you can't play.
old classics never die!!!!!
I can only play solitaire and 40 thieves as freecell and spider are missing the deal button. Please  fix for Kyrocera Echo.
This is ridiculous, I have played 43 games and I've lost 43 times. I've been playing solitaire 30+ years and never came close to losing so many in a row. I don't know what the deal is with this game, but I got to give up and say it sucks. Nice layout tho lol
First app i've ever seen that required no special permissions to run, and run smoothly. Well done guys, this is what free apps should be!
Rigged rigged rigged, don't waste your time
Can't play spider on my phone because there's no search button so no way to deal cards.
My game
4 star cuz u can play More than one type
Very poor graphics on larger screens or HD devices. It just looks slightly out of focus. Takes some of the fun out of playing. Please update! This used to be my favorite game.
Thank you!
So addicted to forty thieves! Never knew it existed before.
I can't play Spider on my phone. Need another option to deal cards aside from the search button.
Free and everything a some solitary game should be
This is really cool. It makes you think instead of just letting you win every time.
doesn't give you all thrs cards needed in spider
G
Hours of fun
F**k off
I do like this card game, iv played it for years!
Yuck
Yep!
Awsome
This is an easy to use game with lots of options, from regular Klondike to forty thieves. Exactly what you want out of a solitaire game. However, currently you can only deal by tapping the deck, or pressing the search key or track pad. My phone doesn't have either of those, so I can't play spider solitaire, as the deck isn't visible on screen to tap. It lost another star because as others have said, the poor graphics can make it hard to tell what suit a card is. Great game otherwise, wish they'd update.
Luv it! Great way to pass time!
Solitary
Poor graphics
The Freecell game is about the only game I love to play on my phone, and now that I got the Samsung Galaxy III I can't play it....very frustrating!
If the deal button for spider solitare showed up for the HTC EVO LTE it would be 5 stars
Simple ,great grafics.Thanks!
Solitaire is good, looks a bit pixelated on a big screen but no big deal for me. What is tho is that I can find no way to deal a new hand on spider on my nexus 7!  The so called 'help' tells me to click on the deck (not one on the screen) or click my track pad or search button, neither of which I have
Awesome
Tried several others and this one is the best.
I just got the Galaxy S3. Since there is no search button I can not deal the cards. Please fix or I will be forced to uninstall as it is completely useless to have at this time.
Good game
The games are good and easy to play. The interface is simple and adaptive. I have a problem with spider solitaire in my galaxy R (i9103). Despite trying all options, I cannot deal the deck. Please let me know if there is some other option or the phone is not compatible.
It's fun it keeps me busy sometimes. B-)
Small app, easy to use
Play the  games for free
The best one.
Simple n neat. Thanks a lot!
I loved this program on my older smartphone.  But with the GS3 I cannot play spider since there is no search button or track ball to click.  Please update.
It works great, except I cant deal.
There isn't a deal button on the spider solitaire
Best solitaire. Compact
The galaxy iii doesnt have a seach button so you can't deal off the deck In regular  solitare. Otherwise it's pretty close to perfect.
Win
Great game app
Was playing spider solitare. Got near the end all cards turned over. Missing multiple cards. Two kings, a five and others. Samsung galaxy III!.
Great game, perfect permissions. But I can only play spider on my phone, not on my tab
Love this app!
Love it.
Best one out there!
Overall, I like this game except there isnt a search button to deal the remaining cards
Beans
Fuzzy
Great
The best solitaire app on here. Works better on my Droid 4 than my older phone. Thanks Ken!
The screen is blurry and the grsphics on the card are too small to read. Dissappointing.
Hai
Was the best solitaire game but as many newer phones don't have a search button you can't deal the cards to play. The resolution is also looking a little dated.
Perfect
Of all the solitaire games I've downloaded and tried this one is by far my favorite!
I would play this all the time on my old phone whenever I needed to kill time or was bored. But since that phone broke and I had to get a new one, I can only play certain variations because I no longer have a search button. This is an awesome app. It just needs to be able to be played without a search key. Samsung galaxy stellar.
My phone doesn't have a track ball, search key, or a deck to tap in spider solitaire... Essentially an unplayable game...
No way to deal spider solitaire since no search button or deck. Uninstalling worthless app!
This always opens and the multiple game options makes for hours of enjoyment  without getting bored of the same old solitare.
I love this game but I just got the Droid rzr and it won't keep the large card art.
This a great little bundle app, but I can't use spider cause I have no way to deal :-(. I'm on the galaxy s3. Update? :-)
Although the normal solitaire is fun and works well, there is no deck in spider to get the next deal.
Good time killer.  Would give it a five if game wouldn't randomly reset score (money in Vegas style).  Please fix.  Moto Bionic.
New phone does not have search button. Very disappointed as this was a great game.
I have used this app for couple years, really like how the developer updated it to include multiple version games. However, I'm now using a Galaxy S3 and, like others have noted, the phone lacks a search button and trackball...so I can't play Spider Solitaire. But the others are great! :)
Best solitaire app, deleted all the other ones from my android
I thought I knew how to play, but whenever I come close to winning, the deck randomly re-shuffles..WTF??
By far the best card app. No problems with bugs or crashing. It lets me play without any problems
Ugly graphics, numerous glitches
Horrible! I cannot play on my galaxy due to no search button. Plz add a different way to deal. Then I will re-add band give 5 stars!!
Great
I don't have a trackball or a search key! So I can't play spider solitar :-(
The Samsung Galaxy Nexus doesn't have a search button and I can't deal cards in Spider Solitaire. Please fix.
We'll written in terms of logic. Poor graphics nexus 7 - looks stretched. Close vs undo can get better.
Can't get game to work how do I get it to play.
Simple. Classic.
I, oddly enough, play this more than any other app on my phone, paid or otherwise. I highly recommend it!
Its fun
It would be a nice game but the cards are blurry. It's hard to tell hearts from diamonds.
Can't wait to play!!
Lightweight, no permissions needed, no ads, lots of variants. A must have!
What's fastest time? Mines 1:19 :)
No special permission required.. I love that! Plus its such a small file.  Works great; simply wonderful.  Thanks Ken
Card game is good but graphics are fuzzy / pixelated on my tablet 10.1 :-(
Works on phones with search buttons,  not on phones without.  So bummed! Was a great app, until I upgraded.
All games ok except spider cant deal extra deals.
Honey boo boo child
Was great on my old phone but got S3 now and can't deal cards on spider.
Sadly no longer able to use since upgrading to Samsung galaxy 3 as unable to deal.
This game alwys save me from boredom :D
Played all the time on my desire but I can't deal on my new HTC one x! So depressing!
I used to enjoy playing this on my old HTC g2. Now I can't play spider anymore on my new One S since there is no trackball or search key. Thus I'm unable to deal when I need to and am stuck at that point. Pls fix. I miss this game.
Solitare
Don't like wrong kind words
Best app  i''ve ever downloaded !
I can't get 40 Thieves to work right at all. The rest of the game quality isn't that great either.
Loved
Love it.
Love this game!
A great program
Awesome free app!
I'm uninstalling
I can't seem to deal the cards with my search button
It was nice until my phone got updated and now I can't deal cards. I have the nexxus x. But I enjoyed pulling this app. up and playing some good card games while traveling or in a waiting room.
I like this game but the new deal function on spider doesn't have work on my galaxy note.
Terrible graphics.
Your game is sh#te u never f#cking win av played it for hours its p.i.s.h
When I first downloaded this app it was great after the upgrade it seems that I cannot even get closed to finish a game . It's not uncommon for me to go to 10 straight games and not finish or go to several games and only play a couple of cards. For that reason I am deleting the game.
there is no option for dealing
This game helps me to go to sleep at night after a couple of games.
Great 4 killing time
Best card app. Functional, simple, great
Beats boredom every time. Never gets old. Plenty of games and versions to chose from!!
luuuv it...really addictive but works great no problems
Good
Very good pass time . Fore closes sometimes ...if not it would be 5 *
Works perfectly and newer gets stuck
I am addicted to this app! However, I just upgraded to the galaxy III and there is no way to deal the cards on spider. Please Fix it!!!
Gedtupac
Does what you need , doesnt need " special permissions" .
Simple and works well.
Great game
I  play this game on a Galaxy Nexus phone. I love this game. It has a great layout. - It was easy to see all the cards  but the only way I could deal the next set was to  use the search key. Unfortunately Google changed something and now when I hit the search key during a game it actually opens a  search window. Is there anything you and Google can do to fix this?
All except spider solitaire work perfectly on Samsung s3. Unable to deal. No way to operate. Pls correct.
Have had for four devices now. Perfect for spider, but current device has no search button or track ball. Please update, doubt it'll happen too.
If we don't have a search buttons can't deal a new deck in spider!!!
Yeah
Just a classic
nice
Good game to play on the go
My most played game. I switched back to android and returned an iPhone 4 after 3 days because they didn't have a comparable solitaire game.
Best game ever
Hooked!
i'm deleting this app as there is no new game option. crap app
Had the app on my old phone so I figured I would download it on the new phone. There is no way to deal the cards on the new phone though. Will reinstall when fixed.
Good
Could be better
No button to deal. Lame.
This game is great. For some reason my 9 of diamonds always looks like it has some crap on it. It's annoying because I think it's my screen... But I'm addicted anyway!
Favorite game
Please update this so i can play spider I cant deal cards on GSIII THIS IS MY FAV. GAME hhhhhheeeeeelllllppppppp
clunky artwork, slow CPU, can only play in landscape mode.
Great app,  only downfall is that you can't deal on a Galaxy S3 while playing spider. :'(
I cant seem to deal a deck in 'spider' :( help me someone? :'( please.
It simply doesn't work on a Galaxy Nexus. The images are exploded and blurry, and the action was slower overall when compared to my old phone. A pity, since it was the best Solitaire game on the market. I guess I'll have to abandon solitaire for a while, since the others are unplayable.
I love thsy
Good app but need more clarity, somewhat hazy on my Sony Xperia phone. For its simplicity 4 star.
Works great on my skyrocket. Love the animation after you win
Love it works great on new sumsung note 10.1
I love this game but I got a new phone, the Samsung galaxy s3, and I can't deal the cards while playing spider solitary because I don't have a search button, cam anyone help?
But it could use more screen real estate. The games are good for a quick distraction, but I hate that the whole screen isn't filled by the game.
Love it good time killer
Love this game I'm a champ at this one I never lost I'm just so good at it! Best app ever! (;
Addictive
love this game.!(: <3
Wish it had auto save feature.
M
Cant play spider because samsung doesnt have a search button. Please fix cause this app rocks.
On my spider I do not have a deal no more cards will come out because there is not a section that deals the next hand.
On my SG4G it looks like a screenshot that was printed with a very cheap ink jet printer. Annoying to view and play the game overall.
Love IT
All the money i pay out for my phone and i mainly use this app.
Loved this solitaire game on my htc. I'm a spider addict but with no search key or tracker cannot deal cards on my new phone. Please fix.
Nice looking solitaire game. Small in size and not overly engineered. Only negative, randomness of the deal isn't very random. Still a nice little distraction.
Work great!
Works, no bugs, user friendly
No hidden agenda. THANK YOU!!
Works good for me
Love this app but can't deal in spider on my new phone galaxy 3s. Please fix!!!!
This used to be my favourite app, as I find it so addictive. But since my nexus s updated to jellybean it doesn't work anymore. Search button is supposed to deal cards, but now launches web browser instead, rendering the app useless :-(
No comment
Can't play anymore as my new phone doesn't have a trackback or a search button.  Add dealing to the menu
Good
Addictive
System Update on my Nexus 4G doesn't allow me to use the search button to deal next hand. Instead it performs a Google search! Help!
Love this game
tumc
Does not work in Android 4.1. When i press search button, i get search app instead of new cards...
Worst app ever
Good game!
Solitare & Freecell great, Spider however doesn't have extra decks to release even though it says it on the bottom right & there have not been any updates so not sure is it will ever be fixed. But good otherwise.
Kool. Don't usually comment but this is worth downloading!
There's way better one's out there!
Unfortunately doesn't work quite right on my Xperia S. No deal button for Spider solitaire and can't even scroll the help menu.
As a lot of new devices coming on the market are not having trackballs/track pads or dedicated keys this software needs to be updated so it does not rely on them.
T
I loved this app on wildfire s but I now have a HTC desire c and I can't play as I have no way of saving or starting new game, I'm missing it so much :-(
Works great! And is not just solitaire, so that's even better! I wish it would tell me when there is no more moves left, but that's just being picky.
Fix the shuffling and it's 4.5 stars
Love this game!!!
Used to love this app but since getting HTC OneS I can't use it for spider as no button seems to deal, real shame, please fix.
Great game specialty when your bored
Not great graphics but plays ok and doesn't ask for unnecessary permissions.
The game stays challenging which is great a lot of solitaire games r way 2 easy
This app works like a charm and I'd a great sanity saver when waiting in long lines.
Hats off to Ken Magic.  This app uses a good engine for dealing cards (making it playable and fun), doesn't eat battery life by checking your location (why does a solitaire app need your location anyway???) and doesn't need your internet or wi-fi connection to serve ads.  Not the prettiest graphics, but good graphics.  Best solitaire game I've downloaded so far (out of 30 others.)
Nice game
Simple yet best..
I can't play on my galaxy s3 due to there being no search button.
can't deal cards. will update review if I like it on phone
I use to love this app. But now i can't play because no button to deal cards on new MyTouch Q. Pleeeeease fix.
The graphics look like crap from the 80s. You can find better
I love this game but since I upgraded to a Pantek I can't deal. Very sad. Please fix!
Love it hands down
Me gust
No cons, no ads, no snooping, just good old fashioned fun.
Solitar
Unfortunately can't play this game anymore on my samsung galaxy s2 because I don't have a button to deal cards, please fix!
Iam very happy thanks a lot
Cant do anything once game is over there is menu button to start over or end the game. When u close it then reopen still had game that had no more plays......uninstalled should be no stars
I could not figure out how to deal the next row in Spider. I doubt this program was meant for tablets.  I was also confused by the club and spade suits, since the icon under the number/letter on both was a black diamond.
I play this game several times a day. Love it! Wouldn't have a phone without it.
Works great on the Droid X. This is the only 1 I download on my phone. Thank you for having it hours of fun
On my lte, I have no search button, so I can't play spider. That is pretty much the only game I played. I wish I could rate this a five but fire my phone I can't use it
Trust me everyone this is THE Solitaire app for your mobile!! It's an awesome adaption!! Very very addictive! i'd give it ten stars if i could.
What the heck is a trackball and what happens if you dont have a search button?! I can't deal in spider and its ticking me off!!!
Good way to waste time
Solitaire
Yg
Is ok
I love this app have it on All my devices
My phone doesn't allow me to deal. All the listed "deal" buttons don't exist on my phone. It dealt one deck last night, but i have no idea how i did it! Practically abusing my phone in an attempt to make it deal! Love the game, but this problem beds to be fixed.
Great)
On my old phone I used the track ball to deal , but now I don't have that or a search button and can't deal ! Fix it and five stars !
Works okay but the graphics suck. Who can read them.
pbsksygames
.. but how do you deal in Spider? I don't have a 'trackball'. Tried everything I could think of...
Best solitaire game ever!
Perfect
Loses score even after you "save and quit"  Very frustrating!
I love the app, I just don't have a search button to deal cards in spider solitaire :(. Please fix!
I love this.I play it at night to help me drift to sleep.unfortunately I just got the new galaxy s3 and can no longer deal in spider. Fix this and it would be a five star for sure.
just
I used to be able to switch apps and get right back to my game. Now it always starts a new game! Worthless app.
Too small
This is a great app. It's simple, has several games and best of all it doesn't require any permissions.
Solitaire
I love the simpleness and basic of this game. Not many features but just plain simple.
When I can't do anything it gives me something to do evon in church
Used to love this on my htc desire so installed it on my new phone, galaxy s2 and I can't play spider as there is no way of dealing! Please sort this out!
Basic but does exactly what it says it will do. Works perfect on my phone. Download it now.
Just simple and fun
Simple and great!
Kelliccotoicxjnm Now.
Addicted to this game!
Yes
Seedtime
Since the latest software update on my phone I can no longer use the search button & I don't have a trackball... please add deal to the menu at least... I miss this game!
Never ever had an issue
Agj
While playing spider solitaire on sony xperia arc s, not getting deal button, so not able to play spider game, please fix it.
Doesn't deal if you don't have trackball or search button
Glitches,,,never able to win
I recently upgraded my Android phone. I'm now running jelly bean, which doesn't include a search button. Now the game is unusable (there's no way to deal!) I believe this will be an issue for ICS users as well.
Everything done exactly as I expect and demand from solitaire.  Looks good and functions well.  No pain in the interface.  4 suit spider is (correctly) bloody hard to beat.
I take on board comments about the search button, you do need one to deal, but it does what it says on the tin. It is exactly like the solitaire games on PCs. As for it only working in landscape yes it does, but I think that's so you can actually see the cards x
I love it addicted to this app
Fun to play.
HTC One S: no search button so can't deal cards. Otherwise nice simple app. Wouldn't mind some more visual options like BG color change, or sharper graphics.
I love simplicity of this game
Looks pretty bad on the nexus 7, really in need of an update with some hi-res graphics and updated menus.
Playing regular solitaire is easy and passes time but spider solitaire doesn't work right for the Samsung galaxy s 3 there's no way to deal the cards when you need more. Very disappointing.
Great if you love the game.
COOL!!!
Super yay
Cards are blurry. Uninstalled
Fun game, no problems.
Love the game, but it kills my batter. Galaxy Nexus running stock Jelly Bean.
Never gave me any trouble and works flawlessly on all my Android devices.
Good
Love the fact that I needs no special requirements to run thank you.
Love it!! im deff addicted to forty thieves..
Great with solitaire but spider won't let me deal new decks
Says no permissions needed, but look at the app manager and it reads and makes phone calls??
I've had this app. on every phone I've owned for the last 5+ years, and I love it! A fantastic time killer and there are no ads!!!
I'm soo addicted to this game
Love this app. Very addictive. Great way to kill a spare few minutes. One slightly annoying feature with Forty thieves. When there is more than one card that can be played, it doesn't let you choose which, and it usually picks the wrong one. Fix this and you have 5 stars.
Very addictive no freezes and takes up very little space
Functions well, no bugs but graphics are poor
Was one of my favourite games apps on the HTC Desire but I can't play it on the One X as it doesn't have a trackball or search button.
It was great when I had my Motorola X and had a search function, but I can't play spider solitaire anymore on my S3. Other than that it's great!
Wonderful game .... Loving it
No portrait mode, right? Very disappointed!
Low detail images and doesn't cover the full screen on Note. Looks like the made it for a smaller screen on& copied it over for the bigger Note
Ok
On incredible 4g won't let me deal cards during spider :( please fix!! This was my favorite game on my original incredible
super
Ready to use with no delay & no issues!
Fun but addictive.
Nice easy way to relax and unwind
My swet game..!!
Love it!
I love this game but unfortunately doesn't work on my new phone. I can't deal cards with this phone. Please fix this problem!
Love this Version!
... in almost a year. I used to like passing time with it on my old phone..
It's the best solitaire game out there at the moment and best of all its free!
Great!
Yes finally thank you.
I LOVED this app on my Galaxy S and Galaxy S2, but now that I have a Galaxy S3, I can't play it anymore because there is no built in search key. Please fix! 5 stars when fixed!
Graphics are poor
Love the choice! Play it all the time!
I love thi game
I love this
Love this game, keeps me going when I'm board. But now I can't deal on spider, it searches instead! I'm gutted!
LOVE this game. Never gets old. Always works. Makes time pass quickly when I'm waiting.
This is a fantastic app its like a pocket version of solitare.>.<
Populated
Awesome timepass
I can't use this app anymore. No menu button on my new phone. Can't choose between games. Can't change the font size. Can't do anything much. Very bummed. 5 star game if you can use it. EDIT: figured it out. If I hold down the screen button on the right, it opens the game's menu options. Yay!
No problems always love this game to play!!:)
4 games to choose from with options so I can see them with my bad eyes. No sound so I don't have to adjust the sound n my phone. FUN!!
I enjoyed using this app on my old phone, but on my new Galaxy S3 there isn't a button to deal so I can't play spider. The other games still work.  Please fix?
Sucks
Since getting my galaxy ace I can no longer deal cards in spider solitaire, due to my phone's lack of track key or search button. Please please fix this, this app is the best solitaire I've found.
Good game. V.simple
:)
Great little app. Addicted to the Freecell
Good old solitare. Nothing fancy. Deals three cards or one.
I finish da game in a minute i love it
I love how you can access your notification bar without exiting the game it so convenient
Does exactly what you'd want without ads! 5*. Thanks for making it full screen on Droid 4!
Good
No bells and whistles necessary. Straight forward solitaire game, just like on the PC.
Does just what it says on the tin!
This game wasn't loading it made it really slow and I couldn't play it
Good
Its awesome
No ads!
Plays only landscape.  Removing
good
Why doesn't this offer a way to deal cards while playing Spider while using a tablet? I tried using a mouse as well and nothing happened. It will not deal the cards using the track pad on the keyboard for this tablet either. The track pad works for other applications.  Please fix this and I will start using it again.
Just basic and functional, one mode game. Exactly the same as the version by kiwi mobile. I prefer something with more animation/sound effects. The games are also not all possible to win.
All I can say about this game any more. There are too many others  out there you can customize as simple or fancy as you you wish to stick with one that the programmer doesn't even care about updating. Doesn't even fit larger displays.
Couldn't see the cards
So much fun! Great app
Sucks
...no permissions required.
Easy to play and just alot of fun.
Loved the simplicity of this game on my last phone. Now I am unable to play my favorite game - spider - on the galaxy s3 because there is no way to deal. Uninstall :(
Just wondering if it was possible to add Euchre?
I love this app so much
I loved this app on my old phone, then I got a the new EVO 4G LTE. There is no way to deal in spider. I tried emailing address listed about prob 3 times, with no reply at all. Not even an acknowledgement of having received  anything. So much for this app.
Dealing by search key is not working for Jelly bean. For ICS it was working fine.
As above
I love playing spider. Worked when I had a galaxy S but not now on my S3 :( ... Please fix asap!!!
its absolutely pants. why are there four things at the top that let u cheat
Great implementation. It seems to me that the App developer is left handed? Please make option for card stack delt from right hand side. Thus my four stars
Loved this game on my old phone, but there is no way to deal on my galaxy nexus since there is no trackball or search button.
This is one of my favorite apps! Simple & to the point (: everytime I get a new phone or reset it, I always download the same Solitaire app.
Amazing
I play on this app all day long. I'm addicted.
They still haven't fixed the deal for the game
I've played this more than any other game on my phone. It just works.
Good game but limited to few phones
Manoj n
Not very good. Had to drag cards everywhere
Forreal
Awesome
Wonderful app! Never had any issues.
Ex...celent!   Free!  Free!  Better than some paid App. U will love it too.
I don't have a search button or trackball so am stuck, but can still play Solitaire just not the other games sadly.
I love this version more then them all 40 thieves is the best one...
Colt 1973
Not as enjoyable as mobility ware version even though it has no ads.
I love this game is a great and fun way to pass some time!
Loveeee
COOL a game plays. Fun.
Would have been 5 stars but cant play Spider due to no search button on Galaxy 3.
Great time killer!!!
I have a galaxy S3 and In spider I can't deal. No search bar, track ball, or anything. please add a spot on the screen that can  be pressed to deal. Thanks
Good game. Takes quite a few tries to win. The cards need to be bigger so they are easier to see.
Spider doesnt work on galaxy ace
Nice game
Great time killer.
Its so borin take it off
Solitaire
Was totally addicted to spider until I got my new phone. My galaxy nexus can't deal for spider...such a bummer!
I love it
Spam
It is what it says.
I love this AP. Its simple and everything u want from a card game, nothing more.  But the spider solitare doesn't work. You can play but can't draw. Other games work great. Please fix.  Samsung galaxy S2
Best
Very good
As it says. Great game of solataire, no adds. Good use of screen.
Very pixelated. The quality of the game could be nicer. Most solitaire games have the option to tap the card to move it. That would be a nice addition. Seems a little crowded but not too bad.
Good app to have when you're bored
One of the most addictive games there is and this is a flawless implementation of it.
Can you make this work for the Samsung galaxy 3! I have disliked all the other versions of soltaire I have tried. Please help!!
More and more phones dont have a trackball or search key, HTC one x can't deal in spider, maybe put a little deck icon like the rest so we can still deal!!!
Ryding game
Can't play spider solitaire on my new phone because I have no search button. Please make the decks available to click.
holla @ me if you can beat my score of 1:01
I love it buttt itt messes up your SD card sorry
Poor game
I loved this game on my galaxy s .. now that I have HTC One X I can't play because there's no option for me to deal the cards ,
Love this Game, App is good too,
Title says it all
Great app! No silly permissions required and no adverts. Brilliant!
Loved it
Cant deal, what happen??
Love it
I love this game thru 5 phones
Wow
Has anyone ever won this game?  Maddening!!!!
I used to spend hours on end on this game. Simple but keeps you entertained. Never had any problems with it until the jelly bean android OS update. I can no longer use the search button to deal the cards as it opens up Google search. Such a shame :(
I can't believe you allow advertising that shows half-naked women. SERIOUSLY!? I used to let my six-year old play, but had to uninstall this app. You HAD a good thing going, but NOT anymore!!!!!
Needs an up date I can't deal cards
I really enjoy this obese the best.
Great app!
It's good Time pass game!
Search button doesn't deal out the next set of cards, just opens Google search :( its one of my favorites but is useless without a fix to this.
fun game
Waste of time        dont work properly on tablets
This game is so cool because my mom teach me how to play when I was 4 years old .
Was my favorite game but my new phone (Samsung galaxy 3) doesn't have a search button so I can't deal the cards on spider.
Brilliant game.. Good when you are bored passes time away :)
Luv it fun when waiting for drs
I love the simplicity. Less is more. Only drawback is the low resolution. It was perfect on my HTC hero, but on the one x it gets a bit blurry
Never rate apps but this is the best solitaire app. No BS ads. Stable. 5 stars. Galaxy s 2
Love it only thing is cant deal in spider solitaire on a galaxy ace. Why not just have a touch deal pack like in all the other games?
Like it very fun
Try opening the help menu and scrolling. When it says sanity test failed, exit and reopen the game, and try to solve the in progress game. Enjoy!
The last few games i've played haven't had all of the cards I needed to win/finish. The game also starts over if I don't close out of it if I check a text, etc.
Deal doesn't work with jellybean o.s. for Android.. search button opens Google search
Nice app, used it for years. No frills, but free and no ads
It never lets me wins!
Does not gather your information
Love u all
Fair
If you're playing casino solitaire with the keypad open and you win a game, and then close the keypad with out exiting the game your score is reset.
This is a great game, but since I have a new phone I can't play anymore....PLEASE fix the deal button!! Once that is fixed, I will give 5 stars definitely.
Love it
I know it's a great solitaire game, I enjoyed it lots on my old phone (HTC Legend) Since upgrading to a larger screen, the whole UI seems to be a bit badly upscaled and blurred out. Make the game look nicer on high-res screens and it's 5 stars :)
Its exactly what you think it is.
I love my mum plays on out to
Too many of the same number and color showing up in each new game to be random. Removed app off my phone.
Worst game ever
Helps me when I'm thinking about alot!.
BAD graphics, good game. In the end, had to find a new game because of graphics.
Best one I got so far. If your looking to play solitaire with no need for fancy graphics you found it! This was an awesome change, my last one drained my battery like crazy!
Hcd
worked great on htc inspire, but there is no way to deal the cards in Spider on my Nexus 7 tablet.
I love the app in general, its easy to use. However, it never let's me win. I played dozens of games and never came close to winning. this app used to be better.
Great time-killer. Best to use in large view.
Great
This app rocks!! I always use it, never gets old :)
Amazing :)
played it. Loved it. Download it!!!.
Gr8 game. Thanks
Just looking at this lay out bores me!!
I liked this game, and the variety it provides.  On my samsung galaxy s3 however, there is no way to deal on the spider solitaire!  Big down fall.  :-(
A very simple and smooth version of the classic game with Spider and Freecell included! Have to stop at 4 stars though because I can't play the Spider version since there is no way to deal more cards on my Galaxy Ace
Simple, free, ad-free. Good work.
Needs GUI scaling. Very blurry on HTC sensation.
Fun!
It appearently works perfectly fine but the screen is too small for a Galaxy tab of 8.9 inches. It should fix perfectly for a cellphone but never for a tab. It sucks...
No search button on one x so can't play!
Waste of time installing it. It is very awkward to play and understand. Big disappointment :(
No bugs, simple, smoothe.
Loved this on my HTC Desire, however, I can't deal cards with my HTC One X! Please fix!!?? :@(
Love this app, but after getting a new phone(galaxy s3) can't play spider due to no trackball or search button.  Please add a new way for dealing cards. Thanks.
Love it
but it didn't scale to full screen on my galaxy tab P1000
Switch from the IPhone and love this game...I am now  disappointed!
Very cool
Good....:-*
Can't move multiple cards in order at once,
Works great when it is in my home dock. When its not the screen is really small and its basically unusable. Fix and I will give 5 stars
Can't use on galaxy s because no search button :(  to bad because it was a great game on my old droid
Easily my favorite and the most simple solitare game for Android. Would be even better if you added a confirmation message when resetting stats, since I've accidentally reset my stats a few times already.
From kaia
Amazingly addicting
I love this app on my phone, but it needs an update for higher resolution devices.
Love it on my galaxy phone but no buttons on the nexus' please fix.
Its great!!
Duh its just the same as always
Terrible
Cool
There is no undo or refresh option. Once you mess up thats it. Deleted!
I suck at this game lol
H UV highway budding finds cry fresh Kline good hits 
I have to lose like 4 times to win 1 or 2 games and then lose again. Plz fix or uninstalling!!
Great app never freezes
Goos old skool game
Game works well but display is too small to play without extra effort to view.
Fun simple game but sadly I can't use it on my HTC One S since I don't have a search button to deal the cards.
Love it.
Great time passer
Excellent game, works smoothly and doesn't require any special permissions to install. I love that its not intrusive! Good job!
Cool game
Great app!!!
fun
Loved this game until I got a new phone. I can't play on my S3 because it doesn't have a search button.
Doesn't look as sharp, like other similar games on the higher definition screens such as the SG3's. Could do with an update. Solid play of course.
Tapping the search button takes me to SEARCH rather than dealing on spider... how can this be fixed?
No complaints here!! Must have :)
Awesome Finally found a good solitare app.
Love this game! Addicted for life.
Please update!
Best solataire on play!
Love this game EXCEPT I play Vegas style and if I dip out in between games, even just for a few seconds... POW! My money's all gone. Can I have my $4,500 back please?!?
Takes up minimal space, easy to play & highly addictive! 5 stars!
Can't deal cards in spider solitaire on xperia no trackball or search button
Terrific game! Several different versions of solitaire in one download.
Simple and easy 2 play
I can't see the numbers on the cards
No hidden persuasions
Soilus
It worked great on my old phone but there is no way to deal out cards on spider solitaire on both the Samsung galaxy s2 and the s3, please fix
K
I love this app. I give it five stars plus!!!
Best game in its category Love it.
I played this all the time on my last phone, but you can't deal cards on the new phone.  The menu button brings up the menu (shocking), the back button undoes your last move, and the center button exits the app.  Those are your choices.  :-\
YOU CAN NEVER GO WRONG WITH THIS GAME..ITS THE BEST;)
No way to navigate to a new game. Just dumb, get another free one don't waste data on this.
Nexus 7 tablet doesn't have a search button or a track pad to press... I don't want a remake, just a menu option to deal
DROID incredible 4G has no search button or track ball so I can't play all the games. Lame. I just give the game a deck to deal out of.
Doesn't work if you don't have a search button. Please Fix!!
I have been using this on my phone for 2 years. I find it really simple and intuitive. Now on my new tablet the graphics look a little tired. Could really do with some hi-res images. Still plays brilliantly though :-)
Like
After the 4.1.1 update, the search button doesn't deal anymore, actually activates search. I miss solitaire already...
Can't not find how to receive cards from deck in the game spider solitaire. I can play all the other games so I give this game 3 stars. Please fix
Solit
I love this app
I just did the update to my Google phone and my solitaire doesn't work properly any more!  Cant deal the cards! Bummer! Otherwise it WAS good.
A deal at 83kb!!
I like solitarie SO AS LONG AS IT WORKS IM FIND WITH IT
Nice ! :D
Please add button for deal instead of requiring search button press.  Stopped working in jellybean (nexus s) and I have no search button on my Transformer tablet w/o keyboard attached.
i love this game (: .!
Whereas I used to use the "search" button to deal (no trackball) it now always brings up Google search and I cant advance in the game and deal. :(
...to 4.1 Jelly Bean broke it. Search button now launches Google search instead of dealing cards
Not so good
A nice simple game of solitare.
Very poor gui for the game of 2012...
The numbers on the cards are blurry ... using galaxy s III
It hasn't updated much?
It's good
Perfecto ! Never had any problems in past 1yr.
This worked great on my old Android phone but now I have a Galaxy. Some of the games won't allow me to deal the next batch of cards now, so that's disappointing.
Its the best game ever! If your lonely like me it rocks!
It works perfect on my phone the game and even the picture. I love solitare and this app makesit even better to play solitare so trust me if you love solitare get this app.
Bumcrumb
SHAUN, I have no idea why you think the graphics are not "crappy". They are. Hurts my eyes they're sooo blurry.
Addictive.
Great!.
It's a very time part fame
Karah
Recommended by a lot of friends .Cant wait to play.
Simple and compact (86 KB), but very good. It even includes several games in one. Excellent!
Get to the end and dont have enough cards to finish the game. Missing cards.
Great game to play in ur down time!!
Great
This perfact solitaire. I like this game for android.
Its a fun game--+++
The best game in android, simple and easy to use
like you because its a game I like it because it's a gambling games
This game is so much fun, and it does require those in intrusive permissions.  This is the way games should be made!!
Love it thanks 4 a great game
<3
Nice and simple. Good job.
I played this game every day on my DROID X. Just got the DROID Bionic and the display only fills 75% of the screen making it too small to see so I can't play it anymore. Im so bummed!! Please Fix!!!
Lov thisgame
Awesome
Good one. But could be better then this.
Its good
It was but you should put more card games on it
Fun traditional game.
Fun and addicting
Works like a charm.
Looks 20 years old.
It sucks
B Great Game
Love it!
excellent.
Use to play all the time, then i got a Samsung Galaxy S 3 and dont know how to deal on spider! Help please I wsnt to play!!!
It adds aware while you play.  Not cool.
Simply the BEST
I can't use slider on my Galaxy S3, as there is no search key or trackball to deal the cards with.
are not good.
Simply perfect
Nice
Would give higher but can't play spider on my nexus so I had to download a spider solitaire game. Fix that and yours will be the only one I play.
Doesn't scale to higher res devices
I love it!
Perfectly simple app that works well...and requires no special permissions. And its free! Really, what more could you ask for.
Great games for my old HTC but can't play spider with my new galaxy s lll! So I'm waiting patiently for an upgrade!
Very entertaining and clean looking. Love the interface.   The shuffling is not very random. EXAMPLE: 1st hand, all 8's will be in the deck. 2nd hand, all 8's are under cards. 3rd hand all 8's are back in the deck. Second quirk: you go through the deck one card at a time, flip the deck over and the next go through has cards that weren't there the first time. Despite these 2quirks, I like this solitaire better than others that I've tried.
Gb
Great go to game. When easily bored of other games, always come back to this one.  Captivate.
Nice work.
Permissions ok
With the new HTC Incredible 4g, there is no search button or track ball to deal cards in spider. The home button simply exits the app. Please provide update, I love this app!
Best game for timepass
Its free it works and there are no ads! Awesome!! There isn't even a place to donate??
It's a great game if you have a search button like I had on the Galaxy S1. Now I can't play out since the gs3 doesn't have that button. Will update rating to 5 if this gets fixed.
Fun
I love that this game doesnt require permissions on my phone. I never understand why a game would need to access my phone calls etc. Love it!
T
Sometimes there are two of the same card.
Fun
I've played this game forever its so fun
Excellent on Droid X but not with Galaxy S3. Waiting for new version
Stupid
There isnt an option for me to deal more cards!
I loved the simplicity of this game on my old phone.  Now u t doesn't  work because there is not a search button.
There is lots of times of me playing this game where nothing happens and it runs smoothly. However, every so often the game freezes or the cards won't move when you drag them. I have to close the game and re-open to continue playing. Would love to see a first update since I dl it a year ago.
Best solitaire app i have found so far. No ads or bs permissions and 40 thieves is a great variation. Would love hd support! Thanks!
Enjoy this game.
Forty thieves won't let you drag stacks. Its just annoying. I uninstalled after a few pointless games.
Excellent.
Love it
Love this game on my phone, but can't play my favourite Spider on my tab as no way to deal. Please fix!!
Very good
No bloat, no ads, no permissions needed at all. Just good old solitaire. Love it! Best app.
I really enjoyed this game. It was simply to use and very easy to understand
Five
But what is your revenue model?
Says it in the title...One thing, though...is it possible to make the screen size bigger for my tablet?  That would be nice.  Good work on the app! :)
Can't play Spider Solitaire
Aswesome
This game is simple and perfect.  Has worked on all phones and never any issues.  I would give it more stars if I could.  GREAT JOB ON THIS GAME!!!
It sucks
This is by far the best solitaire app there is available but without a trackball or search key it is impossible to deal cards.
On my galaxy 3 I cant deal, other than that everything works great.
Kool game
Hands down best solitaire app, fun to play and challenging.
Simple and awesom! Galaxy ace!
can't beat abit of cards
best!!!
Updated my phone to ics and lost my best time of 0.49 :(
Doesn't scale well to gnex.  Jagged cards.  Game play is good and easy to use.  Avg.
This one may not be the most visually appealing, but it works well and has a lot of variety.  (not just the standard solitaire game)
It works really well and it's fun.
If your ok with never having a chance at winning this is your app, but if you'd like to win once in awhile find another app, this one sucks. I've had for about a year.
Loved this on my Charge, but it pays in letterbox on my RAZR MAXX. I've tried several other solitaire apps and none of them feel as well finished. I'm keeping this installed, but looking for alternatives.
Game sucks. Can barely see it and it automatically moves cards on to the ace piles which I don't like. Un installed
Good!!!
I Love this , it Works for EVERY phone I get , it Has ALL Solitaire Games on this App , Absolutely Love , Great Job !
Best time waster out there.
This is the only solitaire I actually play and enjoy. Simple yet addicting
Helloooooooo
Loved it on my Nexus One but since upgrading to Galaxy S3 with no search button, I can't play some of the styles
Unable to play spider with the EVO LTE
Solitare
Not bad but not the greatest
Simple, free, easy, ad-free. Can't get any better than that.
Doesn't work- won't deal
Graphics are clear and crisp, much better than some of the other solitaire games out there.
I had this on my last phone had to find it again love it.
User-Friendly, runs smoothly as it is a very small app (size-wise)
It  ould have been a 5 but i can't play the spider game on my Samsung Galaxy plus as there is no way of dealing more cards! Please get it sorted :)
.
Thank you for keeping it simple.
Kudos for not asking for ANYpermissions, unlike every other app that tries to get me to give up my identity, contact lists, even texts and emails. Oh, and the game plays well. Would like a score board tho.
Wonderful app but why do I have to lose all my progress from 1 game when I want to play another
Good app especially when bored waiting or can't sleep.
Best solitaire game I've seen. NO ADS! 5 Stars
Straight forward solitaire game that does not steal your info.
Game was great on my old phone, but I can't play on my new galaxy s iii, because search button is gone. Please fix.
Best version I have found
This was 1 of my 1st apps and is one that has never left my Incredible. I love this for passing time.
Simple, small download size. Great time killer! Thanks 5 stars works perfectly
Loved and used constantly on OG Incredible but can't use on Incredible 4G LTE...no trackpad. Please update.
Very poor  kept crashing .
BAMFO
Neat, responsive and very simple implementation.
Solitar
It was fun
Pros: It works, it's free Cons: No autocomplete, no tap to move. Very basic.
Excellent.
Pampalipas oras. . .
Nice game
A must get.very good
Please fix for HTC incredible 4G. Can't play because there's no button to deal. I loved this game on my last phone.
All of the solitaire, none of the ads!!!
Love this game, use to play this all the time, and this card game continue to be the best!
I've tried a few others but this one is the best. Cards are nice and big. Nothing fancy, just a good version. Except for Spider...have downloaded a separate version that I like better. Otherwise it would be  5
Love the game!
When the cards are flying to the top,  it crashes.  Card Games themselves are awesome.
I loved this app on my evo but there is no way to deal cards on the galaxy s 3 while playing spider solitare... which makes it unplayable. I would give it  5  stars otherwise. It's clean, plays smooth and is very easy on the eyes.
Simple yet always works no bugs and a great game!
Excellent
Serviceable, but aesthetically lacking.
Great games. No fuss. Just fun to pass the time.
Hi
Good game
Whats with the spider  set-up? Can only move the bottom card, not the whole stack? Thats not how i remember playing, is there a way i can change this?
I think this set of games are the hit
Such a good game to play when your bored, I'm addicted :P ha
Very good please give us more of this game.
Got stuck in a game and no obvious way to start a new one.
I love this. I'd never heard of forty thieves before and it's now my favorite game.
This app is great I play it all the time. Solitaire game has outlasted every game I've downloaded.
Too small of a game board
Love it
Awesome
It keeps beating me
It works great and its not too fancy:)
Terrible game and I'm good at this game
When I first installed this app it was better. After having to recently reinstall, it no longer keeps my preferred settings and I have to change them every time. It's a pain and I don't like having to reset over and over. Fix that and it gets five stars.
Good app
as a Linux user, I had to get this as a joke. windows comes with like two programs, a basic text editor, and this. oh, and a basic paint program,paint
Every time you put a card into one of the the "ace piles" the game will automatically put all other cards on the field that can go into the ace piles into them. This is extremely annoying and really needs to be changed. There's times when ill put one card into a pile and 6 other cards will fly over into the piles whether I want them to or not.  Otherwise, good .game
Perfect
The spider solitaire won't deal, I have no track ball to hit on the evo
Cool
Solitary
Works great, but a little funky in how it adapts to screen resolutions.
Great game very addictive
Game was fun before update. You could win but the UI was borked. Fixed ui, but now frustrating low win/ loss ratio. Uninstalled waste of time game.
I can't have a phone without it
Works good and exactly as it is shown in the screenshots. No ads.
This app is just a simple solitaire app no bull is just what it says
Super game
Loved this on my old phone. Gs3 has no track pad or search. So no deal.
Its ok but could npt change level so please fix
Very well implemented! Unfortunately spider isn't  playable since i got a newer phone without hardware buttons. But the other 3 are as great as ever!
Was great but now it doesn't go full screen on my viewsonic tablet
Solitaire
The graphics look a bit dated on newer handsets, but that's the strongest complaint I can find. It's small, fast (even on ancient handsets), and has no ads.
The gameplay is all right, but the algorithm for deciding when to send a card to the aces pile is horrendous. It has list me more than one game. Whoever wrote it clearly didn't think very hard about it.
Not deal option on phone as no trackball
i can't deal in spider game when i play with tablet
Gay app doesn't work!
Love it
Currently have the HTC one s. This phone doesn't have a trackball, could u update it so users with phones similar to mine (galaxy s2 also) can play the game? Thanks...
Easiest, and fastest solitaire app. Fun plus 3 games in 1app.
Nice.
You just said that you can't pay this on your galaxy nexus... u do realize that your phone is a touch screen right?
Get the bugs fixed. 3 different times.my phone.went.into.sleep mode and when i.went to start playing again money all gone. Have.lost over $60,000 fix this.
I kill way too many hours playing this game!
Gets me through any dull moments. Love it!
BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED KINDA HARD THOUGH
Solitaire
I loved this app on my old phone. Please fix it so that I can use it on my new one too.
The best so far.  It would be perfect if fourty thieves was a bit bigger!
I love this game. I'm on my 3rd android phone, I've had on all. My newest has no way to deal the cards on spider(my fave). I have no search key or track ball.
Basic is what i like
Loved this app on my 2.3 android. I got a new HTC One S and the button layout does not work with the app :(
Great games, simple to use, never had any problems, not easy to beat though! I like that you can check to see how many times you win/lose and look at your overall average. Download recommended.
Wish I could move it to SD. Also if the background could be less bright. Otherwise, good game. Nothing fancy, simple and easy to use.
I loved this game on my Captivate but my new phone doesn't have trackball or search button so I can't deal in spider!! Please tell me what I'm doing wrong or please fix
Awesommmmmmmeeeeeee!
I think something is wrong with the dealing algorithm. On 40 Thieves, not one win in 78 games...I win on other platforms. Solitaire seems sketchy too.
There is no search or trackball on the Samsung Galaxy Nexus (ICS).  There is no way for me to deal.  Loved this game on my old phone.  Please update so I can deal on the Nexus (ICS).
Please can you make this app fit to the screen properly on galaxy note other than that great app!
Great time waster
I play spider all day!
I know it's free and has no advertising, but the graphics are too poor for me.
Menice
Great game but there outs no search button or trackball on the galaxy s iii. This means I cannot deal in spider.
Horrible graphics
I have played solitaire for years and this game sucks. You never get the cards. I also know the game as patience and you will need loads of that for this game.1/5
Can't deal on spider because the HTC One doesn'thave a trackball or search key... Please fix!!!
Like the app
Good
great game.
Great..much smooth moves
Not able to deal in spider
Free and no ads!
Graphics suck and its hard to see and its slow
Used to work great until it started buggin out and was unable to move the 2nd row to the left which kills the game...uninstall cuz of that
Wouldn't let me move part of a stack in solitaire. It would only select the bottom card or the whole stack. Fail.
The Game sucks you never win maybe 1 out of 100 I hate it.
Very simple, zero lag. Wish there was also a poker or blackjack that was this simple.
Live it
I love how this app doesn't require you any special permissions to run. Plain and simple solitare.
I love solitaire! I can't stop playing this app!
I love this game my boyfriend and i loves to play this game like all the time
Easily the best layout of any solitaire app however, the card randomization algorithm is flawed.  Basically it doesn't do a good job of "shuffling the deck", which makes it really annoying to play.
I tried to drag the card and it messed up.. like forreal? Uninstall.
Samsung tab 7.7
Love playing the game, when i have nothing eles to do! But i have played over 25 games and still have'nt won, not one game and i am good at this game...something is seriously wrong....3stars;)
Love card games, this one is good :)
Good and great recommend to everyone to have on your phone. Use it post office, doctor office etc. Time goes quickly:-)
It's on one hand really good. Several games and lightweight without ads. But often you don't have a chance to win. So sad. Looking for another solitaire...
Classic, fast, simple
Absolutely love this app!! 
I didnt even get through one game. Graphics could be sharper. Better games out there. Will be deleting this.
Idk it's fund
I like playing poker versions, except the game keeps resetting and I lose all my earnings. Unacceptable. Uninstalling.
Love it
Love this app on my old phone but how do I deal with ics with no search button or trackball?
I tried to play right after i downloaded and it was tiny.  U can barely tell what card is which.
I couldn't play anything but original solitaire. Couldn't end the game or start a new game of any kind. I would not recommend this download to anyone! DISAPPOINTING!
In my galaxy phone i am not able to deal in spider game. There is no search button as mentioned in the help.
It's free.   What else can you ask for?
HTC removed the search button, so can't deal in spider solitaire. Loved this on my inspire, tho.
Its great!
I had this game on my old phone & had no problem, but now the graphics are so small I can't see it , no fun when it gives you a headache!
Doesn't turn with my phone - uninstalled.
Need to add a "deal" button to the main screen or to the menu.  Newer phones (HTC, Samsung, etc. ) don't have track ball or search button.
One of my favourite game..love it..a bit more in the graphics would help though..all in all love it.
Fun, works great, and a great way to kill time!
Great Game!!! New Ending When You Win Please?????? :-)
Thousands of games in under a year
I want this game.
Game
solitare
No ads, 4 types of solitaire. I like it.
Too small
I absolutely HAVE to download this on every phone I get. It's so much fun, and well-made
Love it!
it okay i love the background and get more background for this game
Has all the features I want. Great job!
A fun game to play when u a waiting on someone, something or if ur bored.
It is fun and simple.
Easy, simple & fun.
Great
Great game
Only the best game ever...dont need extra people...i can play the game by myself.
:)
First app I've seen that didn't want any access to your phone. I LOVE WHOMEVER DESIGNED THIS. THANK YOU!
good game
I have played over 2,000 games of solitaire 3-card draw/unlimited deals and have a win percetage of 21%. Look it up, the algorithm works. Best free version out there
Could be better but I win alot wish I could change the design and they had instructions cuz I dont know how to play 40 thieves
Not bad
Love it
Don't waste tour time. Terrible quality
Kimseng
I've had this game  for about 3 to 4 months and it's been great. but here lately it's been very very very difficult to win 1 . I just played 7 games in a row and did not even get close of winning .  so now I am going to uninstall it and give up on it .
Addicted
This used to be my fave app and I used it daily. Now I have changed from HTC desire to one x, there is no stack to deal from. I have left comment on the developer's forum and also sent an email but have not received a reply. Others on the forum also have the same issue. I have used this app daily for the past 2years on my previous phone and thought it the best spider game out there, but unfortunately had to rate it low due to lack of com's or fix. I would gladly pay for the app if it worked.
salutary
Great classic games... Im not sure what the other ppl are talking about I win a lot more than they seem to, way more than other solitare apps.  Spider is awesome.  Takes like zero memory, never a glitch, ive deleted all other games and have always stuck with this one!
Awesome app. Had on my captivate and now my note and fun as ever to play!!
Love this game, graphics are good too !! It's a must have game...
I learn after 20 attempts to play Forty Thieves
Derekhark
Card size is too small, difficult to play. Previous version was far better in terms of graphics.
Had this app on my phone for over a year now and whilst others come and go, this one is perfect in everyway and does what it says on the tin.
Love it
Solitaire - spider
My New phone doesn't have the search button at the bottom. I can't deal the decks.
Really good game
I couldnt do anything. the cards wouldnt even budge.... Idk maybe it was just me buuut.....  Sorry but only one star :( :/  {SEASON4!SEASON4! July3! HETALIA!XD}
I love the game of solitaire and this is a great version. :) I don't know people are saying they lose alot because I win 95% of the time :)
The graphics are really crude, especially the card symbols and numerals. The card movement is really jerky. I don't understand why this is so popular. ZTE Blade.
Good, but Solitaire by Softick Ltd. is better.
Its crap
Samsung Galaxy SII  Although this has been reported several times by different people it has still not been fixed
So simple with zero ads. What else do you need in a solitaire app anyway?
Graphics are poor, algorithm is bad (too difficult), and, most importantly, not all devices have trackball and search key, which makes the game unusable.
Doesn't scale to full screen on droid4, used to be my fav app on droid 1 and 3
I'm constantly playing this game!
I've always been pretty decent at Windows Solitaire, but this version deals unwinnable hands EVERY TIME.
Latest update bites!
Good
Its ok it works fine
Not bad
One of my favorite apps. I play it all the time and it always hits the spot. Have to disagree with those who say that the game doesn't allow them to win often enough. My win percentage is around 70%. I don't find it too difficult to win at all. Quite realistic in my opinion. Would be nice if the game included instructions for the other solitaire games.
i don't know why people say it hard to win but it really inset  the only bad thing about it is the graphics that could be sharper
It works great!
Love it!
Just the way solitaire should be
Keeps me occupied. Easy to use. Love it!
Great
Game
Love it! It's great that a simple game doesn't have ads. I don't have the problem with the "Never winning" and I currently have a win % of 69.~%
Lousy graphics... Unbelievable, how can you put out such a bad app.
I love this game...
Help shows up each time I start it up, which is really annoying. But otherwise really good!
It is sooo boring
No update in nearly two years because it is perfect the way it is.
Not too shabby.
Good game but should make it an option to play on the other side of the phone too. Like a flip 180degrees button or just do it if the phone turns that way. The charger cord gets in the way on the original side.
Great variety of solitaire  variations.
I have tried a few different versions of this game but like this one the best.
Upgraded device and dont have a trackball or search button so  I cant play spider.  Loved the game when  I could play.  Please fix.
Needs to be fixed! Where is the deck of cards to add??
Hard to win this one. The cards are too small. Difficult to read.
It is a excellent game for me. You should play it!!!!!!!!!
Its a good game
No missing across rocking solitaire.
I haven't played the other games much, but the solitaire is great.  No ads, works well. The only thing that would make it better is to be able to play in portrait mode. I have spent more hours playing this game than I want to admit. Good job!
The best thing that happen.
Good game I love it!!!.
Love it!!
It always works great, lots of options, lots of fun!
Nice
I just got the EVO 4G LTE. I can't figure out how to deal on Spider. Help
This solitaire is awsome!And it is not as hard as the other solitaire games.
Complete it
Proper card graphics. No ads. Simple - which is a good thing.
Best game app for leisure time
Screen does not fill please fix
I love it .
Card images are very poor quality.
Terrible
May not be as cool looking as some but you can play however you want with no adds unlike some others.
When I 1st downloaded this, I had no idea how to play 40 Thieves & now, I'm pretty much addicted to it! Simple, yet elegant & very user friendly. My only complaint: no Pyramid. Maybe add some more games eventually? Pretty please?
Doesn't work with Galaxy Nexus. No trackball, no other buttons, no search soft button. Was great for my nexus one though.
No search button on EVO LTE. Please update the way cards are dealt for ICS
Great app for solitare. Try this one first.
This game sucks
Simple with no extra features just the way it's supposed to be
Hours & hours of entertainment! ;) I play every chance I get, I love it! ;) no mouse, just touch the screen! No coming out ur pocket, ALL free play! No complaints here! ;) 20 stars thx!!! ENJOY!! ;)
It's so hard to win a game!! You lose most of the time!! Something definitely wrong with game!! UNINSTALL!!
I have used better!
Playing Spider solitaire constantly.  This version is brilliant, thanks!
Ridiculous
I  this.  I don't know about the rest of you guys, but I can usually win. Sometimes it takes a few tries with the reset button but I do win.!
I never heard of forty thieves but I taught myself and I'm addicted. The app does what it says it does. Love it
Awesome
Spider doesn't work
For real!
Better than all the rest
I used this for a long time on my old phone, but ice cream sandwich doesn't have a search key to deal.
rushi
EVO LTE - no search button -  no track ball - no deal in spider!
I had this app on my old desire hd and it worked perfectly but my new sgs3 doesn't have a search button so I can't deal the next hand. Will update rating once update provided
Lots of solitaire games to choose from without bogging the phone down. Nice!
I took the time, effort, & risk to email developer instead of instantly rating this app the low rating it deserves, & got NO RESPONSE. Doesn't follow common rules of game, will not allow legal moves but then allows same move later (so just poor coding), & no instructions on rules of the games, which is essential when developer has obviously made up new rules of play. Most of the high ratings are probably bogus from the developer & that's why developer doesn't have time to respond &/or make DECENT app!!
Not very random in shuffle, predictable as to what cards you will see when uncover one. Long losing streaks followed by 2-4 winning hands, then back to losing.
I enjoyed this version of solitaire and it was definitely my favorite of all the ones I tried but when I switch from the Samsung Droid Charge to the Motorola Droid 4 the game only shows as a portion of the screen. I'm sure I will be back once this is changed. Keeping my eye out for updates :)
Excellent
I have installed solitaire twice, i still can't get spider or forty thieves to work, i don't have search ball, all moves r touch screen
Clean and simple
Love this game
Love this game!
I love it
I didn't like it.....
It should have a help opp so you can win:)) really great game!
Love it. Needs RAZR support though.
No deal button for phones without search button or trackball. So can't play.
Loved this on my galaxy s but can't play the spider game on my HTC one x as no deal button :(
I like the backspace button. I only know how to play solitaire so thats the only thing I can rate on. They need a directions button. I seem to never be able to win. I don't know if its me or the game...
Spider solitaire doesn't work ? Where's the deck ? Help..
If you mess up you have to keep pressing the back up button to start over. There is no menu for new game or restart game.
Great on my smartphone but absolutely awful on my tablet. Tis a shame about the tablet, will keep on the phone
The best!  Play it constantly.
Its a good game to pass time
Great game
love the game but i cant play spider solitaire please fix
I love it.
Unable to get to menu page to start new game etc
Excellent
Works great for me :)
Great way to kill time at work!
can not get spider to deal
Gr8 tyme waister
A great game i like it
Works great on Samsung galaxy S & SII.
Best solitaire game I've played yet!
Simple. Intuitive. Hours of fun.
My favorite set of card games. Love the backtrack & restart!
Great interface, fun!
Love it .......
Love it
Play it all the time, no problems!
Its a classic
Good. Thanks
I have no life and this game kinda helps me forget that.
Its OK but it
Always entertaining!
Judging from the last update in Dec 2010, it doesn't appear any improvements are forthcoming like ability to fill larger displays.  But for free, its still worth playing.
Besides the games being fun I love that it needs to special permission to operate. No internet access, can't modify my pics and items on my SD card, etc.
Love it!
I spend way too much time with this. My bf gets mad at me lol
TERRIBLE!
But please fix resolution for Samsung galaxy note please please please
Good app, but needs to be upgraded to handle the new software for Android 4.0 Can't get a new row for spider solitair laid since there's no 'search' button anymore
I love this app I give it a 10
Game
Keeps crashing. Not much fun when you have over 3000 points
Good
4 variants of Solitaire, to keep you busy, thank you! No search button on my new phone, arrrrgggh!
Q,
Rire,:,
Great app . Well done. No adds.
Like it
This is a great app.
I also appreciate that it doesn't ask for any special permissions that can bring malware to your phone.
Cool
I love this called solitire
It is OK for me.  Fun to play
IM ADDICTED
Kimberly: I love this game
Always on this app.
Best solitaire game for me I usually win in about 3-4 minutes I like it
It's a fun game and a hard game its soo fun I luv it
There is some bugs...
I cannot live w/o this app. Kills boredom n keeps ur brain working. Works perfectly. Had phone wiped n searched for THIS solitaire game. None r better.
It's just taken me about 50 attempts to finish one game, it is impossible
I love solitore I think its the best game ever
Simple basic well made. No ads no bs. And it's FREE! Can't beat that.....
Bonib
Plays faultlessly and 40 thieves has had me hooked for several months now. Three small suggestions: 1: Add a simple "flip" animation as two consecutive cards of the same suit and value make it look as if the tap hasn't registered 2: add a hi-res option as it looks a bit pixelly on a tablet screen 3: charge for your excellent work!
A uncomplicated set up,hours of enjoyment
Ilove solitare
Fun !!
Consumes very small space, its fast and easy to use. No ads as well.
I typically play Klondike with Vegas scoring. My only complaint is if I win and the screen times out before I tap again, it resets the score. For that 4 stars instead of 5.
Keeps you enterained
Like game never had 1 problem
The best.
Great app!
It froze screen went black and can't do anything but uninstall it.
Would be perfect if it included instructions on how to play 40 theives and if it could be played in either horizontal position.
Cant change to spider, free cell or forty thieves....no menu option on htc one v
Then you're going to have a bad time.
As others here have said, this game is stupid hard.  Its rewarding to win a game of solitaire, but expect to get your butt kicked 10-15 times before you pull out a win.
Love solitaire
Can't play spider solitaire, no trackball on razor.... =/
Not bad for phone solitare
I don't know why everybody giving such high ratings. Force close phone, freezes up. Uninstalled! Fix bugs n ill try again.
Best
I've only played Solitaire so far -- have not yet ventured into the other games -- but I'm already addicted. The game is extremely well done with just one exception: the initial layout. Every initial layout gives me either multiples of the same number, or all the same color. It's not a good random deal. If this one thing can be fixed, I'll easily give the game four stars.
I have enjoyed this app tremendously. However, lately when I save and close, then come back later  my entire game has been cleared. I hate having to start over after building my pot (score) high. Please fix!
Its pretty good, but after you win, if you let the full game replay finish and then go to help and tap the screen, it will let you manually deal the cards back into piles... until it force closes. This game is buggy! (true story, but j/k about being buggy) Great game! Evo 4G
Mst dwload
Simple and functional. It's all you need.
The cards are ridiculous it wins 90% of the time, hate it! & I am UNINSTALLING
I always lose and its not fair i would give it NO FREAKIN STARS!!!! >:|
Does just what it says. Play every day. Very addictive.
Have the bionic. Won't fit to size of my screen. Can barely see the cards now. Was fine on thunderbolt.
I appreciate that this app does not require permissions, thank you for respecting my privacy
Nice.
This game is pretty cool.I don't really know how to play the games other than solitaire but its cool that they added them cuz then I can learn. It free so that's an advantage. Install now!!!!!
Need a fix to have the display fill the whole screen (doesn't on Note or Tab)
Didn't really care for it. It was too blurry & started to hurt my eyes, just from playing for a short while.
Works perfectly, never had a problem.
Great app to kill time
Love it
It's a great app& fun game! :-)
I love this game .when u start the game go to options and chang it to large much better to see the numbers
I love this game on my galaxy s, but I can't play it on my toshiba thrive, there needs to be a dealing button that doesn't rely on the search button.  Also, the game is about the size of my palm, and the touch screen is as big as my stomach.Its really annoying to have such a big screen, yet the gameplay is tiny.
How do i deal the cards in spider solitaire? i9000
I downloaded it, played one game, then installed  it. It's hard to read the numbers on the  cards because the graphics are so poor. I don't like the way you use the auto play (you fling the card instead of tap them).
Horrible!
I learned how to play the other 2 games. I became a champ. But now they change the look and I don't like it anymore. A
Good game
I'd never heard of forty thieves before this app but now it's my favorite!
I can't stop playing I love it!
This game is awesome! I got around 1500 games played and more to rack up.
Good
Where the hell is the search button on my SGS2 for spider
Deserves 6 starts. 4 games in one, no ads. Works perfectly for old and newer phones. Download now. And if you have it download it again
The best!!
No extra flashy crap, just the basics, tastefully and intuitively executed. A solid 5/5. Thank you.
Love it!  I
I am thoroughly addicted to this game! Such a shame I can't play spider but as it's a free game with no adverts I'm guessing the rewrite isn't worth it. And the fact that it is harder than 'average' is a good thing. Makes you work harder to win, stop complaining!
Havinga max of only about 16-17% wins in Klondike solitaire is ridiculous, especially considering you can get a perfect 100% on the others like Spider. this coding needs to be addressed. Also could use a hint function or even "no more moves" notifications.
Exxcellent way to pass time on trains
Awesome app. Only game I play and I have lots.
It gives me an automatic loss sometimes for exiting the app so I can play later. A lot of my losses came from that. Please fix.
No way to deal cards in Spider on a tablet. Instructions say ''click the trackball''. Other games are OK. Not bad looking. Games seem to be more difficult to win than other solitaire games-
Good game
Love it
Very simple and fast
A must have every time I get a new phone or flash an old one. For whoever said you lose 70% of the time, cards just isn't your thing. I was over 65% winning before I realized you could use the back button. Great job, great app.
Great app, but how do i deal at spider solitaire from my Samsung galaxy s? I tried all the buttons...  Thanks!
ok
TSR, does not close. Stays running after quitting, please fix. Other than that, it's simple & fun.
Not only am I totally addicted to playing on my phone, but it NEVER messes up! This ap doesn't force close, freeze, or slow my phone down. And when I quit out, it doesn't run in the background draining my battery. Thank you for an amazing ap. Oh, and no updates which tells me, no errors, glitches, or fixes needed. Love it!!
Can not deal on galaxy nexus, no search button or trackball
Fun does what its suppos to no force closes it works
After playing for a while, I noticed that the shuffle want very random-the same number(s) came yo in bunches very often.
Good
A good game for single players
Good
Its Ok when ur bored
great when you get tired of another game.
:-)
Great game. No tech problems at all
Good
Never have problems <3  Love it!
I've been playing this card game for many years, and I've never has so much difficulty winning a game. There is something wrong with the way these cards get distributed. Not vet fun when you can't win.
Super fun.
Spider no deal on gsp
Spider solitaire four deck doesn't have additional deck options Which is of no use in playing
.           cm.
Best solitaire
My favorite version. App could probably use an update as this app does not use all the screen on my droid razr maxx.
This plays the same as on your desk top or lap top PC. Fun and easy to use. Great time killer too.
Best Solitaire on Google Play!
This is the best solitaire game on Android. Doesn't go full screen on this new phone worked fine on original DROID and thunderbolt phones.
I love all the Games! Esp. Forty Theives
Great
Great app! Small size, few permissions, good game play. I only wish it had a portrait layout option!
Simple, but great
Jimi lloolppppo
Less work makes it more fun!
Good on 7" except for spider Solitare... simple and good game
Must have
Doesn't work on tablets. Screen size is messed up.
Works
Looooove it. My fastest time is 1:45.
Love this app!
Awesome
Won't fit screen on RAZR other than that i would be 5
Who wrote this application? Its written total wrong. Most of games are impossible to play.
It Good
Such unreadable cards and black borders for good devices with fullhd screens. 1* and not more, uninstalling :(
Cant deal in xperia mini pro... Deal controls cant be seen.. Advice n Solve Quickly..!! Thanks..
Will not fill screen on Galaxy Note
One of my time pass hobbies. Everythings fine except now I cant deal cards on spider (One X) no search key or am I missing smthng. Lol
Because ICS has no trackball, in spider you can't deal out new cards.
Excellent. Works faultlessly on galaxy ace Thank you.
Great game although i cant play spider solitare due to no button for the deck deal. Samsung Galaxy S. 06/05/12 Ok I asked for the above to be recitfied and surprise surprise it hasn't been done get it sorted and I will reinstate the 5 stars
Very addictive game. Love to play repeatedly since many ears. .
Great game with no problems what so ever. Perfect!!
I used to be able to play quite a bit without issue. Lately, however, I've gotten errors several times and had to forceclose.
This game it is very  stuipt you can't run deal cards in spider useless uninstall it.
Incredible!  Keeps my down time busy.
Too small On droid 2
Too small on screen
Love this game its a classic
Im addicted to it! Simply awesome and very user friendly. Full 5 from my side (Y)
Great
:-)
Works great on Sanyo Zio
Very boring
What??????? I win like 65% of my games....
I love it
I love it
I love solitare
Never fails to entertain me
Love this game but o wish it would fill the screen on my HTC EVO.
Cards are too small to read and you can only play with phone sideways.
Good Good X3
Been using Ken magic solitaire since my first Droid phones. Best out there hands down. No card lag no stupid tall stacks. Just the way phone solitaire should be. Over 19000 games played.
Best game ever if you don't get this game you are a loser
Very nice. Works perfectly
Dis is good
The game doesnt fit my phones screen. I've been using thus app for years. And this is the first one ive had problem with. Still a good app.
Game plays fast, good graphics.
Great game so addictive can play for ages
Great games
Love this!! Very clear cards....lots of games and fun :)
You can pretty much bet within a couple of draws you'll have 3 of a kind and 1 or 2 pairs resulting in no opportunity to win. PATHETIC!
Good graphics & easy to use!  Thanks!
Live this game!
I have played this game since the G1, so now I am sad I cannot play it on my HTC One S.
This app is really a collection of four card games. Uses next to nothing to run and great to pass the time.
No ads! Simple, basic, no ads...I'd rather that than fancy WITH ads any day (re: solitaire). You?
Solo.
I love this game. I play it everyday. No problems with it.
Simple and fun! Works well on droid2, htc rezound, Droid razr.
Love this!
I download this app on every phone i buy. Has never failed. I use it every night to relax.
I have been using this app (and updating it) for about a year and my current WIN percentage is around 65%, so I don't know what problems Reg is having.  The look and feel of this app is my favorite solitaire app I have found.  Only problems I have had are it will sometimes stop noticing touch input on parts of the screen, but admittedly that could be my problematic phone not the app.
It works
Lg esteem
I can't play spider solitary because for some reason I don't have a so called "track ball" neither have I found the search button. Uninstalling...
Love it always play it very happy (: x
I already love playing Solitaire. So now that I can play it on the go on my new tablet, I love it even more.
Does what it's suppose to do and big up for the no permission required! Truly free app, rare enough to be mentioned :)
game
I tried to save options for 1 card deal and large art many times without success and saw nothing saying that was crippled in free version.  Rate 1 star for this defect only, may have been 3 or 4 otherwise _
Simple and works. Great job!
I just use this for freecell - it has worked well for about 3 months.  no adds no unnecessary permissions - excellent
Ken did everyone a favor with this app excellent game with none of the bs other apps come with.
Every phone should have it pre-installed. ATRIX 1
Doesn't fit on my screen. HTC EVO
Nice....
Very confusing. No clear menu. How can anyone make such a simple game so difficult.
Awesome app no issues and 3 types to play!
It ok
,, xxx Xxx
its good when yuo dont have eniting to du
Got this to play Spider Solitaire, but that version doesn't work. Can't move stacks. The other games are alright.
I've played for years, now drag and drop makes it lightning fast. Thank you Almighty Creator. :)  Bri <3
As others have said there is no way to deal in Spider on a Galaxy, and it needs to tell you when you have no more moves. Otherwise good.
Great versions of Solitaire. Runs without problem on my old Orange san fransico ( Zte blade) and my new htc sensation.
solitar3
Doesnt work on samsung charge. Cant deal next round
Play it all the time!
Great Time Passer ..
Really bad graphics!
Works pretty good even though it sometimes have to force close.
Love this game! Simple which is perfect. I just wish you could save scores and that the other   three games had a scoring option.
4 free its Awesome ......   those who cant win?? Maybe its the player and not the game. Have installed this game on 3 Droid X. Im no pro player bt any means, but i have a pretty good ratio of wins. Guess you cant please everyone.
Good, but still small size! I give 5 stars
Nice
It helps pass the time between classes. Great games, sharp images, etc. No complaints other than its usually pretty easy to win (especially solitaire).
I like dis game
Best solitaire I've found requires no special permissions. Works horizontally, excellent reactions.
Would give it 5 stars but it didn't enlarge to the full screen on my droid razr. Any help?
M
Nice
I dont get it.
OMG if you like card games then this DEFINITELY is the app for you!!
Has a great variety of games. It's so simple, yet so entertaining!
Fun
=D
I play it all the time when I'm bored and its great fun!!
You can't deal at all! If this is a problem it needs fixing. Don't download this. It's crap.
Good play but loses score.
You cant start a new game when you mess up soo when you do mess up you get super stuck
Its a pretty good game but dnt have a search button on my phone so how do I deal a new set of cards???? (Spider)
Doesn't fill screen on EVO 3D...
Just switched phones, this is the only game I am downloading again!
Good
Doesnt let you pick up an entire column of cards in spider..
Please fix spider solitare.  Can not drag, and its letting me put like cards together in a row. I love the orginal. No problems with that. Oh would have gave 5 stars but it needs upgradeing.
best app! Have for ages now nd no problems with it! And no ads - bonus! Forty thieves so addictive love it.
Great, simple Solitaire app.  Free, ad no ads? I think I'm in love!
Great game play nice look.
Not bad
This game is the best game to play when you're bored and have nothing to do. It doesn't mess up no problems with the app I like it's a great app.
I downloaded another one that had advertisements but this one doesn't. It is by far the best one. Highly recommend.
Fun
On Spider game, it should not be able to deal when a cell is empty. Needs more scoring options. Gingerbread Android.
Very addicting and clean and nice looking. Best solitaire app out therr
Too tight on my DroidX2. Good play, but too cramped for me.
Yup
Pooooooooop  I can't win so I rage quit
This is the best app for this addictive game! Thank you!
Basic, effective and addictive... My only complaint is that some games literally have no possible solutions.  This, brings down your game stats.
Works great. Never freezes. Doesn't slow down my phone. Great way to kill time.
There is no Deal button to deal on Spider Solitaire what the heck?
Very good
Like this version best
Thanks
Just the game. No frills. Perfect.
Really enjoy this game very well put together
It was very good game before I wanted to deal cards... MY GALAXY ACE HASN'T SEARCH BUTTON OR TRACKBALL! Please, fix this bug!!
I would give it 5 stars but won't deal when playing spider solitaire.  Fix it!  Won't on spectrum, or nexus.  Uninstall.
Great
Waiting
Always crashes
Would be 5 star if it filled my screen fully other than that It's perfect
Good play and features but needs to be updated to take advantage of the larger screens on newer phones.
doesn't work. Uninstalling.
Excellent app!
I love this game.  Play it all the time on my HTC Desire, but on my new Transformer Prime, it doesn't work as well: The graphics look like scaled-up, low-res images and since there's no trackball or search button, you can't deal more cards in spider.
Good game all round, only small problem now is it crashes a few seconds after winning a game (after the replay). Only since ics update sgs2.
Great for commute or the loo!
Classic game, no ads, no permissions. Snappy interface, no bugs so far.
I'm addicted to Forty Thieves.
Blurry. Lag was horrible. Looking for a game to buy. Will never try free again. You get what you pay for.
Small footprint great game.
Nice start, but the cards are hard to read and there is no score kept in vagas style solitare
Got me through the breastfeeding phase!! I had to kerp myself occupied so id stay awake!! :)
The graphics are awful
I had used this app for a long time, mostly spider, and loved it very much. But I bought new device, and there is no search button or trackball. Is there another way to deal?? Please help! I will put 5 stars
Relaxing
Love this game set play it all the time.
Great app
Been playing this version for several months with no problem ...until today. There is a glitch in the Spider Solitaire.  I got to the end of a game and there as a 2 of diamonds, a King of clubs, & a 6 of clubs missing. I couldn't complete this two suits.
Good work.
Ok
I hate this game.
Fun
I luv it..very easy to use. And challenging..
still no deck on spider! it cant be that difficult to fix this bug!!! so many users are using galaxy s and having the problem! awful! 40 thieves is too hard to win. orher games work fine.
Nice
Too hard to see.
Don't like. Your. App for  solitary. Too plan.
Great app.!
I have a samsung galaxy ace and have no trackball and no buttons that will deal a new deck on spider i cannot tap the deck because on my phone there isnt one to tap i like the other games but it would be better if i could play spider not sure if this is a common glitch or if its just my phone.
Best Solitaire App
Great game
Only thing that agged me is after every single game u get an ad on ur whole screen. That shyt is annoyong.
Bedtime game ...
Awesome
good game
Love it
There is no possibility to make deal, uninstalled
The graphics are horrible...blurry & not easy to see.  Needs a bolder outline instead of the pencil thin font.
Plays slow n lags just like the win 95 version shudbbe updated and a little more modern like but kept vintage
Love this game can't get enough
It gives me sumthing 2 do 2 pass the time LOL
Loads quickly great for long journeys :)
Be careful in downloading  this game. With extended play, it will cause image burn on your phone. It did so to my HTC G2
Awesomee!
I have spent more hours on this than on angry birds!
Gr8
Free application. Excellent game.
Great card app, simple but sweet. Only suggestion would be to add an instruction manual to learn how to play the other games, cuz all I know is solitaire lol
Great game
Simple noninvasive best solataire game !
I love it on my phone (MT4G) but cant play on my tablet...needs a button to deal!
Not bad if you got some time to kill. Can be addictive.
Super
Best best best... Go for it...
This used to be my favorite game but for about a month now it will randomly reset back to the beginning of the game during freecell. Please fix!
Works perfectly,  easy to see, doesn't take up memory.  Best pass time.
On my old DROID, this was my FAVORITE app, but have just gotten new DROID Maxx and the app is not full screen.  By only using the center of the screen, the cards are difficult to see.  PLEASE update this app to word on newer, high resolution screens!
I really only use solitaire, which works just as any other solitaire game. I tried to play spider solitaire, but there doesn't seem to be a deal button so you really can't play it.
Very Simple, Works Great but Have Played Countless Games and Never Won a Single Time... Really?
Love it
Huy
work great
Plain. Simple. Fun. Easy
Sucks
If you like Solitaire, you'll like this app! I haven't had any problems from it.  (htc rezound)
Solid, simple app. The graphics are slightly out but you quickly get used to them - but that still drops a star...
Awesome  Manny
My phone doesn't have a search key or track ball so I can't play spider anymore, I can't deal the cards =( loved this on my old phone.
And never have had a problem! Rock on!
I only won one game out of the dozens I played. Not very fun.
This is one of the best games and once ofthe most addictive too. .. a must have ...
This game won't let me restart and its just plain weird I don't like it I'm gonna install the other solitare app and see if it does the same exact thing witch makes it boring and I think solitare is a fun game just not this one so if anybody is reading this don't instal this app....:O I am now going to uninstal this app sorry....:-X
Ever since the 40 thieves addition, the Spider algorithm has been way too hard. Impossible to win now. Uninstalled. Incredible 2 stock.
Bad graphics.
Cards are blurry - even the enlarged cards. If not for that, I really liked  it!
I loved this on my Droid X- I now have the X2 and the game is too small-only covers the center of my screen. I can't play it and now I'm uninstalling....not happy.
I love this app.  It plays well and has 4 great games in one.  The only problem is that it does not scale to your screen's resolution.  Fix this, and you'll get 5 stars
This was my go to solitaire app across 3 Android devices, but now I've upgraded to an HTC One X & I have no trackball / optical click button, I can't deal a new deck in Spider. Big tears! Please fix! :-)
Does the job it says.clear graphics.
The best!
Sick to death of trying new games and having to uninstall cus they're rubbish. This one is great! Does exactly what it says on the tin! No ads, no problems, just playing, can't go wrong with this game. My first 5* review, and well deserved! Happy!
@claudiu Of course there are more than 4 queens in Spider, it's played with 2 decks. Not a reason to 1 star if you don't know the rules.
Love Love Love.
The best solitaire app on Android. Simple. Fun. No crashing. Thanks, Ken!
Awesome
Solitaire
Simply great
Good game but it is bs. The reason why I say this is because I always have to start a new game. It never let's me win . I play a normal game but still the same outcome .
Great got my best down to 1.31 !!!
Great fun and simple to use
Love solitaire... Got my  win time as low as 1:32 seconds, however solitaire is the only game on this app  I can play. Not sure if it is my phone or an error but spider solitaire never has worked. Everytime I click the deck, nothing happens. Q.Q... Please fix!
Works great, is seriously addicting and I LOVE that there are NO ads!!! :D
I love this app!!! I play this all the time! It is so much more fun than the computer version!
Not sure if this is a problem with on the Galaxy Nexus, but the screen looks as if it were designed for a  160x120 and blown up to fit on my screen.  Numbers are fuzzy and hearts look almost like circles.  That would take it down to 3 stars, but add in the fact that the game only supports landscape mode, and I was forced to settle on 2 stars.  I am re-installing the version by Mobilityware, which was nearly impossible to beat, but had great graphics and outstanding features.
No decks for spider to deal new rows.  Samsung Nexus galaxy
If you are addicted to Windows solitaire then this is your mobile fix.  Perfect :-)
Great!
This app is fun & I love that there are no special permissions.
Spider solitaire: 5 Queens and no kings. This game is a bad joke.
Love the presentation of the game.
Best one there
Fun game. Classic.
Still can't deal on phones without a track pad when playing spider solitare.
I've been addicted to 40 Thieves for almost a year. Best game ever!
Awesome that it offers 4 games, but on my Samsung galaxy s2, I can't pick up an entire stack in spider solitare. Kind of aggravating, a fix would be great!
Love the program. Does not fill the screen on my HTC Design 4G. I have a black boarder that makes the playing area smaller. Would be great to have the game fill the entire screen for easier viewing.
Meh
Love it
Lol
Basic, awesome!
The best soltaire game!
Just right.
Good
Gud 1
This is brilliant. I love fourty theives!! no pop up adds, very addictive. My top app a+++   Sandy
I download so many games n by them but in the end I end up playing solitaire! !!!!
Wish you could deal on spider when you are using a tablet.
Good
Can't get new deck for spiders on my asus eee pad
Disappointing on Moto RAZR.
Good
Doesn't fill my screen, making it more difficult to play on my RAZR. Will download again once I can play full-screen.
I have been playing for over an hour and not one win, this game used to he ok before the update but now sucks! Installing
Works without a glitch on Samsung s 4g.
Much better free choices are available.
Fun way to kill time. An not after you to spend money. GREAT APP.
Perfect to pass the time, takes up virtually no space on my phone and has no ads. Awesome!
Not so great for those of us with no trackball or search button...
Just what I need!
Please fit to hd screen resolution as many people are now upgrading. 5 stars when done!
Can't save to SD.
Love this app
Awesome
Great card app easy to use doesn't take up to much space and passes the time.
Doesn't fill screen of sensation Droid. Loved it on desire.
the deal button on spider is not present so doesn't work on galaxy s 2. It seems to be a common but as of yet unfixed problem.
I loved this app on my Droid Incredible but on Razr it doesn't fill screen and I can't tell same color suits apart without straining.
Light weight no extras just what I wanted, simple
The best and the most simplest game,plus 40 thieves game I love the most and play the most because of the challenge.
Also needs a  hint button
Just what I've wanted.
Doesn't work on my Galaxy Nexus .
For some reason its not full screen on the ATRIX 4G, other than that great app
The worst solitare i have ever came across.
The absolute smallest, lightest and best solitaire in the store. Just the games you love, nothing more.
The best game I ever played
Near impossible to win forty thieves
No option to deal on motorola xoom without trackball or search key. Please fix
Would give five stars if I could deal in spider solitaire. I can't deal on any touchscreen.  No samsung epic 4g phone or Galaxy tab. Please fix :)
Doesnt run in full screen on my razr maxx!!!! Dev please fix this!!!!
Needs to be able to resize for larger phone screens. It's so small I can barely see
Can't deal Spider on galaxy nexus. Please fix. I love this app better than others but doesn't work on my new phone .
Cannot get spider game to work on Sony Ray!?! It needs a key to deal that I don't seem to have.
Thanks...
I love it play it every night
For the size... It's brilliant!
Crap doesn't let me put cards where there supposed to go. Uninstalled
I luv this game. Its awesome and cool. It helps me concentrate and focus on what I decide. I just luve this game.
how dae you get the extra rows for the spider solitaire on the samsung s2
How do I deal? I have no track ball, no search button, this is of no use!
Can not deal on galaxy note!
Nice simple
muaaaah :P....
This is the best solitaire app. It would be perfect with stats!!!
Sorry graphics not very good
Who cares bout graphics if it works consistently? It's a friggin card game... And its great
Low graphs
I enjoy this(:
I love this app to pass time especially the forty thieves game :-)
Love it. My fav!
I was pretty much constantly on this app on my incredible, but on my new RAZR maxx, the display is tiny- doesn't fill the screen. Pls fix!
Perfect
Great game!!!
Terrible
Very hard haven't won one game yet . Played this game my whole life and never had this problem in real life . I'll keep trying because I like a good challenge . But if it goes on for a long time I'll uninstall. However it's worth giving it a shot .
Can't deal
the looks are... ummm... It has a very nice personality! :-) I went with Mobilityware's version instead, even if it does have ads.
Love this game
My avast anti-virus tells me that the application can get my phone information such as serial number??? Anyone else have this? I am unistalling
Love it.
Soiltary
Love it
No permissions, awesome.
I just cannot stop playing this game!
There is no deck available when playing spider solitaire ??
It is not the best game on the phone actually it sucks on phone but it is one of my favs on computer
This app needs an update for devices without a track pad, okay button or other. I have used the application for 2 years with my desire but now cannot use it with my Arc.
err...trying to play spider on my Galaxy Nexus but there's no deck to tap or search button to press so I can't deal. Deck please?
Great
Wow no permissions 5 stars just for that my wife n I play this for hours thanks
Got a random pop up in app saying "Sanity Check Error". When playing spider, will deal out 5 sets but still have cards on the pile, then force closes. Frustrating.
Its asome
Great app
Force close on RAZR MAXX.  Please fix then would be 5 stars.  Very frustrating closing all the time.
Would be 5 stars but its partial screen on EVO 3D
the best solitaire ive played, but can you make the game cover the entire screen? using moto droid razr
My phone doesn't have a way to scroll so I'm unable to move multiple cards at once. Because of that I always lose
Ok in klondike. Can't move piles in freecell.
Obviously abandoned by developer.
Great quality app
Perfect, no faults
To undo a move use your back button. To drag a stack in Freecell and Spider tap on the stack and what's moveable will highlight. Then hold the highlighted card on top and drag it to the pile you want it moved to.
No issues for my HTC EVO
Ttttttrrttyyytyyhx try r
Its great but just one problem- how can you deal on spider solitaire on xperia??
Terrible
Has Vegas mode and free cell, and no adds!
Great game really like it just wish it had more stats like how many moves per game,average time e.c.t but great game best one I've downloaded
Great little time passer.
No time for play
Perfectly simple. I play solitaire all the time. I've never had a problem with this app and I've had it for almost 2 years.
Klondike solitare is great, but this game really needs an undo option. Other than that, my only big issue is that in Freecell and Spider, there's no way to drag whole or partial stacks like you can in Klondike. It just doesn't seem to work.
No good try playing fair
Works great !
Good game when it works keeps force closing plz fix
No muss, no fuss and no ads! Works perfectly! Thank you for creating a phone game that doesn't bombard me with junk ads :). Samsung Vitality
Really looks good on my tablet. Acer iconia
Lightweight and reliable, without any hinky permissions or flashy crap.
Graphics and too small
Game dynamics are OK, graphics are rough on larger tablet screens. Doesn't require excessive permissions like most games.
Was 5* but now only 3* b/c the game is super small on my ph....liked that it used to be full screen but its not anymore
Why cant you restart the deck of cards?
Love it
Good quality game with zero issues!
Good simple game
I like to play the game
Like it
Works great!  Love 40 thieves.
Hi.  Great little game, but needs deal button on my samsung galaxy apollo.  I don't have a search or trackball button, only menu, home, and back.
Needs a deal button or card deck yo deal :-(
Spider solitaire doesn't work with galaxy nexus running ice cream sandwich.  No search button.
Good game and the most imp thing is no force close
Love this game. Very smooth. No errors. Plays well.
love it c:
Needs an on screen deal button for Spider on Samsung Galaxy S II
Addicting
Force close every time..
I'm so addicted to this app! Best solitaire app I've come across.
Simple and gr8
i love this game. its a pretty amazing solitaire.(:
Read the subject line for my review.
Thank you boss. Excellent Programming and good time pass.
Con: low res graphics make it hard to read on phone screen compared to other apps. Pro:similar to other solitaire apps but less memory taken up
I Really Enjoy Playing This Game I Can Play For Hours Just To Relax
Droid X
Thank you
The only complaint I have is that some of the games are impossible to win. I guess it's true to real solitaire but it's annoying.
I like it! Closest thing to good old WIN 3.11 Solitare. Only more undos!
Great time waster
Best one!
Brilliant game, just cant figure out how to get cards up for spider x
I've won 400 out of 700. Those losing much just dont know how to play.. Great way to pass time.
Needs to give instructions on how to play certain games.
Greatest game...not impossible to win just takes skill
Could do with more choices and better help for new users
IMPOSSIBLE TO WIN
Virtually impossible to win past 150 played games. If you love to lose virtually (<5%) every game, then this is the perfect app
Horrific.
Cool
Solitaire, freecell, spider solitaire all in one... Very addictive..
was great on my last phone... does not work on galaxy nexus
A good game.
Awesome
Mother loves this game.
Graphics not great
Always luved this game :-)!!!
I have nearly 500 games on record. With only 25 wins... that's about a 5% win rate.
Love this game! It works great on my vortex :-)
It doesnt let me deal on the Samsung Galaxy SII, shame as i love this game
Needs update bad, my Droid freezes up! COME ONE WE  <3 THIS GAME !
This game is so much fun
I've used this app since my first droid 1, then on my droid 2 and droid 3.  I also use it on my tf101 tablet.  Unfortunately, it does not display well on the droid 4 and only uses about 66% of the screen.
Ice Cream Sandwich doesn't have a search icon while playing, so there's no way to deal in Spider.
Works great on Evo HTC. Fills screen well.
My daughter love it.
Not so good on my new droid 4 phone. The play field doesn't   fill the screen and is to small to see well. The app needs to be upgraded for the droid 4 screen
I have always preferred this one, but it does not fill qHD display.  Could you please update the game for newer devices?
I adore this version of solitaire. Unfortunately, it doesn't fit the HTC sensation screen. Please please fix!
Like the random deals - great free Solitare
Awesome app. Love the saving feature on games.
The gameplay is really good, but the graphics are really low Res.  The images on the cards look like they were made for QVGA screens.  If the cards are upgraded this would be a 5 star version of Solitaire.
I like it a lot!!!!  Now to get the rules for FortyThieves?
Love this game. No bugs, no ads and never ever fc.
I love this game
Seems like less than 1 in 10 odd winnable. I've never played another solitaire game where I couldn't win nearly every match.
How do i deal in spider with nexus? Dont have a trackball, dont know what search button you are referring to, what deck do i tap??
Hard to read. I personally am uninstalling this. I don't like to squint.
Good,Nice Ravish
This game is so addictive i play it for hours bring it on solitaire
Smooth gameplay. Keeps me from getting bored.
I love it . Its great game
Great game, but I can't get close to a winning game.
Awesome game... I play for hours when I cant sleep!
Tnx
Excellent apart from cause I can't deal
Best solitaire game on the market
This has saved my sanity on many insomniatic nights
The screen res is tiny so I can barely see anything on HTC EVO.
Needs Galaxy Note Update.
Great App! No, they are not reading your texts and they are not listening in on your phone calls! Thank You Ken For Being A Man!!!	Great, All Markings!
No adds!!! Best solitaire game!!!
Great game, works very well, but i downloaded mostly for spider solitaire, and my phone doesnt have a trackball, so i have no way to deal, making that specific one unplayable, its still nice to play for freecell (although, i have drag and drop issues with that one, very hard to select specific cards, but i think thats my phone) every once in a while.  Its such a shame for the spider version too, so hard to find a good version.
Great Game! Would be 5  stars if you could fix the board to be full screen on the Droid Bionic. Please Fix TY It makes your eyes strain being so small
No bs permissions and ads, perfect solitaire. Very winnable also, just challenging
Fun
Best fre solitaire for all my android phones....love the freecell game best!!!! You will enjoy all 4 games ad free	Solitaire 4 in 1 no ads
Fix the deal button on spider.... Game is pointless unless its there
Nearly impossible to win
I freakin love solitary
Just wish there were more games on it than just the 4.
I've had this game on my phones for as long as I can remember and never had issues until now. I just got a moto razr and it doesn't fit on the screen correctly, there is a LOT of extra black space. Please fix this! Otherwise it runs great
I play this game while waiting in line at any check-out counter.  It makes waiting so much more relaxing.  And I enjoy playing it at other times too.I like that I actually can win sometimes!
If only cards could be dealt for Spider Solitaire this would be the perfect card game app. The Freecell and Solitaire are brilliant. Hope the problem gets fixed.
No deal button makes all but solitaire unplayable. Shame.
Almost impossible to win. I like to play the vegas style and I am lucky if I win 1 game out of every 500 played, very unfriendly cards. But I like the larger font and it doesn't take much room.
Great love solitaire
See if you can bee it in under 1min 24 second like I did
The odds for this game are crap.  I've done statistics on this game for a month and Vegas odds are three times better
Great
I love this app its a great pass time with classic feel of using a pc -DroidX
Cant drag the stacks in solitare
Love this card app and all the games on it .   I appreciaye the large bold numbers and suites.  This works perfect on my old Droid and on my newLG Spectrum.   Best one ive used/found for bad eyes like mine.  Love forty thieves too, nice addition to the set.
This is a great app for passing time. Doesn't require any permissions and does exactly what its supposed to. Very smooth & light.
Good
It doesn't even fit to my screen???
This is a good game to play and no adds with no problems all the free cell, solitary and spider solitary all in one.
In spider solitaire, it only lets me move the top card in a stack, even if I tap the stack and try to scroll. Makes that game basically unplayable. Other than that, good app
Its great its addicting
To move more than 1 card, tap the stack of cards and it will expand. Then u can move whatever cards u want. Spider-tap search to deal
Great game
Awesome
Plays well and no ads. Thank you.
After seeing the beautiful artwork and function of this app I was disappointed that the in game screen is so small and unable to change size.
Very low resolution blurry. Only works in one direction no auto rotate. Uninstall
Tried a few others, keep coming back the best there is
Awesome
I have this in my phone (Optimus V) and my tablet (Vizio) and it works great. I do wish it was better optimized for the tablet. It looks great on the phone.
Neven once had a issue with this game!!!!!
The app used to be perfect. However, the update which introduced screen tilt to landscape added a bug where some of the buttons are not visible after tilt. Also, it would be great if there was an option to turn the tilt feature off as it can be quite annoying on a cell phone.
Great game never had an issue. I play every night before bed.
I love this app. I have no problems with it.
From 5 stars to 1. I am an expert Solitaire player and some of the games start out without a single possible move? Ridiculous!
Spider doesnt work
Good
Good
New phone w/ ICS no button to deal in spider! Useless!
I like
Best, most inclusive, neat, easily navigable Solitaire game. Easy to read cards as well, and low light (easy on the eyes).
AAAA++++
Stupid reviews... does what it says it does without ads or bs. You guys wont be happy until this app cures cancer...
No comment
Needs wide screen support
Please add an update to increase screen size on RAZR MAXX. Only using about 1/2 available screen right now. Big thumbs + bad eyes makes for a rough time. Thanks!  #1 app on my device.
Good app, wish it saved game progress when you switch to another game
This is a great FREE app. Fair play to the developer not to fill it with ads. But what a moaning, selfish lot of users out there. Some of the feedback is so unnecessary.
Ugly and cannot be closed normally
Great app
Cards 'ike poker
Been using this for a while , works really well, hours of relaxation!
Basic. Works perfectly. No unnecessary accesses.
Great on android phone.  Cannot play spider game on Samsung. 10.1 tablet. No key to deal additional cards. Needs fix.
Fit the screen on my Droid X but does not fit the screen on my new Droid X2.
Hey dorothy, why would android give away apple products? Doesnt make sense
Fits screen on my Droid 3 but not my Droid 4... The screens are the same size, either way please fix then will be five stars again
Helps with a stressful day.. :)))))))))))))))))))
It seems like its harder to win since the update which is disappointing.As well,the times I do lose are unwinable games,which always feels cheap.
I love it
Cool
Its solitaire lol
Needs to be upgraded in so many ways...
Awesome game!!
Love love love forty thieves but the app freezes my phone up completely and I have to take the battery out of my inspire 4G Droid to unfreeze my phone
A very basic game.
Was good. After last update 50 games 0 wins. Every game the same thing, lots of cards on board none in deck that you can use. Deleteing
I have a galaxy s2 and i can't deal or Pick up a group of cards in spider... plz fix
Good game. No ads but graphics pretty lo Res...
Please update for ics
Does exactly what it's supposed to, without ads.
It's good
permission required as it's compiled for old Android versions..Uninstalling!
Very Good
Screen too small, uninstall not worth it.
Loved this app on my old mytouch but the full screen is tiny on the htc sensation..sadly uninstalling and hoping to find a better version for sensation
Fun
Good way to past time
3rd phone for this version.  I am happy with it.
Can't deal cards in spider, on a samsung galaxy 2
Sometimes  it's nice to  just play a  simple game of solitaire
This game can not display in full screen, too small for my samsung 8.9 tab.
simple, love it.
mh
Awesome app.
It's a pretty good game
Love it
Install to SD for 5*
overall great but cant get nore cards in galaxy s2 due to n search key
But... would be better if you could customize the cards and table, and if it would teach you how to play games like spider and such
Best solitaire game there is. Much easier to use than other solitaire games ive tried. Only drawback is that it doesnt stretch the whole screen on new phones (ex. Droid 4) but was fine on my original droid
Good, but flings cards up to the ace stacks whether you want to or not.
Great game. Play spider solitaire all the time. Evo. BTW search is deal.. gl
It ok
This game is 'pretty', but it's written in such a way that you lose about 70% of the time - even though it allows you to cheat!! I play all sorts of Solitaire games, but with this one, you can easily lose about 12 straight games - not very much fun. I'm going to uninstall & look for a more sophisticated version. Good Luck!
This has always been my favorite app for solitaire. However, I just got the htc sensation and the app shows up really small on my phone's screen. :-(
The only Solitaire I know of that is free with NO ads. Plus, it doesn't take up a lot of memory. Flinging cards is a great feature. My only complaint is that it doesn't have full screen support for tablet screen resolutions.
Please fix save score, if you accidently change games, you lose your entire score. That sux!!!!
I cant drag the whole stack of cards across the screen. Plz fix
This game was terrible. There are 100 better free games that do this and more. Easier to use, more features, looks better and same price. Get those.
It would be nice to have support for ics hardware acceleration, but it works fine otherwise
My only complaint is you better know how to play each game, because the instructions aren't provided!
Would b nice if it let me no if there were no more moves
2:29
Duck sucks
Simple but sweet ;)
Love it, nice set up!
Can't deal in spider solitare. Annoying!
Played this game everyday for past  few weeks. Today I was playing spider and I am in the last deck. I see that 8 was missing.looks like a bug to me...
Good game can't get spider to work as no deal button. Have had the game for 2 months now and ut gas started to fource close alot despite doing all the updates.
Love it!! Always runs smoothly for me. I am addicted to Forty Thieves. Can't count how many games I have played on it!
Works like a charm, I can't get enough Spider Solitaire.
Best solitaire app I have seen. I have friends with Apple products, and the solitaire apps just don't compare.
Deal 3 in vanilla solitaire does not behave like the real world, ie. If you play the top card the bottom card is immediately replaced.  Impossible!
Button saviour allows my to have on-screen key to deal cards in spider solitaire ! Finally got the best solitaire game of G1 days !
Needs a little update for platforms without a track all (can't deal in spider), and could be made to look a little slicker.  But it is free, and apart from Spider works well.
*****
Instantly
I like it!
4 different solitaire games!  I play it everyday.
4 different games, no ads, its free and yes it Is a little difficult which keeps it interesting.
Good and honest app with no funni business. Love it. X
Needs an update. When I try to move cards on the playing field it wigs out
Pretty annoying when I play 12 different games and I can't win!
This game keeps things simple which makes it the best Solitaire game.  Note to developer: needs updating for Ice Cream Sandwich / Galaxy Nexus.
Its a good apparently. Passes time although 40 thieves and spider are almost impossible.
Ok, my phone is the Galaxy 2 and its awesome but this game is like something from the late seventies. The display is elementary and lacks the rich colorful presentation offered by other apps.  Pass on this one, there's better out there.
The best
Simple, Free, no ads, endless hours of fun. Perfect!!
Displays tiny on my higher resolution screen.
I use this app daily whenever I'm bored!
I only know how 2 play solitair, so i cant commet on the other 3 games, very well made and works fine, 2 small things to improve: colour could be less intense (they are a bit dazeling) and also the lines on the cards sould be sharper (espesualy the kings queens + jacks). DOWNLOAD NOW! :D
On tablet, playing spider, theres no deck, no trackball or search button . So I ca't play it
you might win 5% of the time. no ads is really great though.
Way to waste time!
Love it simple
Works great, play it everyday
Everything is great however for me there is no deck pile in spider so i can never finish that game.
Droid charge.  If I exit in the middle of a game, I lose the game.  It used to keep the game.  Also, it shows the tips every time I start the game.
If you use galaxy s2. Don't waste your time. There is no search button for spider solitaire thus making game impossible
Simple and perfect
I used to think that Klondike was Klondike, no matter how you look at it. This program augmented that line of thinking. Every time I reset my phone to factory default, I put this app on. I've tried other ones, but this one is definitely my favorite. No special permissions and a light-weight app. I love it.
I love the simplicity of the game and it works great on my phone.  Sadly, it doesn't work on my Acer A100 tablet as I don't have a search button to deal the cards.
I love this game
I love this app!
This is the best game i ever download for my android HTC Desire S. No ads, no special permisions... Just beatiful. This is how every game shoud be made.
Love no ads! My kids can play without random downloads!!
Was very good. Now occasionall stall in middle of game and just closes. Will give 5stars when fixed. LG Optimus M running CM7.
Simple and fun.. addicting too
A very addicting game but fun!
Many bugs. Not worth an infuriating game of solitaire when there are better ones out there.
Played thousands of games of spider.  Love it. If the phone rings while dealing some cards disappear so it crashes. Limited stats. Needs move count.
I play forty thieves almost daily. The app has never caused a force close, which is more than I can say for somr others.
time killer...
Great combination of games.
No ads, runs fine on my Galaxy S2. For spider, use the search button to deal. Great app.
I haven't had a problem winning. I play it all the time. And no permissions makes me even happier!! Thank you
I love and play solitaire so much but this version is really hard! I hardly won any games yet...
Your random number generator is the worst one in existence. Still passes the time. 3 stars is for no special permissions. Uninstalled.
Ridiculous. Don't play to win.even experienced players have a low win % on this.
fantastic I am all ways. Playing. Solitaire
This game it's impossible to win I tried at least 50 rounds and couldn't win a single one
Not bad as far as i can tell but a major thing... can't deal!! So pointless in trying to play. Uninstalling! Galaxy nexus
Definately not a random deal; winning percentage is much lower than the average percentage in Vegas.  They would love these odds.
Love it with one exception..... The deal deck for Spider is missing so doesn't work. Boo. Evo.
Great game
Awesome game. I play it all the time! I love the lack of ads.
I play it all the time !
Cheating pos game gives impossible solutions 25% of the time
No ads awsome thank you
Only on phone and cannot be moved to sd? Most phones can't hold that many apps. This one is not good enough to merit phone storage. Get over yourselves and make a movable version. Until then, good luck.
Can't deal on spider. :-(
Kudos for no ads
Love the game but got the Galaxy Nexus and there's no way to deal in spider. Please fix.
Can't deal on the galaxy nexus....(in spider solitaire)
No ads...4 fun games in one app...what could be better? Plus, it takes up less than 1 MB, which is great.
No deal button for Spider.
Am I so addicted to these games?!?!
FINALLY AFTER 26 TRIES I WON...#FORTY THIEVES
No deal button for galaxy nexus when playing spider
It's good for passing time
would really like for the graphics to accommodate phones with bigger screens. -HTC Rezound
Ive played over 200 games and either i cant play... Or its not possible lol
Love this
Brill :-)
I've played what seems like a million games of this while traveling or just busy in the bathroom. It's plain and simple. Never had an issue.
Awesome, thanks!
This ones BS! 146 games 2 wins, 1.3% win rate...don't download this turd.
Uninstalling
Best one of the many I've tried.
Great, but sometimes difficult to play so i have to restart the game.
No ads! Got sick of nasty ads on solitaire games. Great, smooth gameplay. Challenging without being frustrating.  Samsung Vibrant.
A scoring system would be good apart from that its good
Love this game, easy to use.
I can't stop playing. It's got 4 versions of solitaire. The only thing that might make it better is more versions.
Great game. Will not fill screen on bionic
Does not work on my Galaxy Nexus with Android 4.0. Please fix this.
Cards
This is no good on the Sony Xperia Arc S as it has no way to 'deal' cards when playing spider solitar so you are stuck at the first hand dealt. The button you would use on many other android phones closes the game, need a 'deal' option on screen or in menu.
Awesome. Addictive. Fun. I recommend to get this app over anyy of the other ones
Sure this game is basic. It is not overly graphical but it doesn't look like crap. If you are looking for a solitaire game, choose this one for sure.
This game is a joke well unless you like losing all the time. Its pretty bad when you have to play 100 hands or more before you can win one hand.
Does what it says. Would be nice to be able to change backround.
Something to past time
great game
Best solitaire app for android app ever found!
Samsung S (T mobile Vibrant, Android 2.2)
Just not as good as other solitary apps.
Poor
Its impossible to win a game! You just cant beat the computer
Works great on EVO.
Can't deal cards on my touch, no track ball nor search button
good
Love the game on my HTC incredible, but I can't deal on the transformer prime with ICS.  There's no trackball or search button.
Cannot deal on Spider but other games great
On spider solitare how do u get another suit up? It doesn't have an option for it!!
Love, great game to pass the time! Always trying to beat last record.
love it
Great app. LOVE the look! Great for wasting time. Must download. I've won several games, Never had problems, don't blame the game if you suck EVO
Best part is it requires no special permissions
Resets "money/score" after you win a few.  Had $4700 and reset back to -$52. Won back $2300 and again reset back to -$52.
Stupid m&#$%$3$% game!
Game
Needs an auto rotation.
Trying to learn how to play forty thieves. 80 attempts ZERO wins. Can't even get close. Impossible.
Love it!
Very good. I love this game.
Working good so far. Fun game.
Fun. Runs smoothly and quickly. Also I won the first game I played so it gets two thumbs up from me! :-)
The best solitaire app on any platform.
uninstall, cant play on galaxy s2
Real tight. 10% win ratio for me. Fun though. HTC evo 4G.
Exceptionally time consuming, and really appreciated when in a lay over between flights
Nice replay feature :)
I love this game, was a challenge but won the first try. My kind of game :)
By far the best card app. on the Android system
Fourty theives is mega addictive. And this game's background is classic and def not blinding like some of the others. The card sizes r perfect! It's really easy to play. Love it!
This game is almost impossible to beat....i swear the computer changes the cards while its shuffle under the deck mak ing it nearly impossible to beat!!!!
Good well worth getting ive had no problem so far had for three months
Tired of playing and not winning at least one time.
Does not ask for crazy unnecessary permissions. Works as advertised. Good work.
Come on would it be such a bad thing to let us win one out of many many games I will be looking for a different solitaire	I started with a full battery and thirty games later before it let me win one. Life cant be that bad. Let the player win a bit more.
Loved this app on my old phone but since getting the galaxy nexus I can't play it anymore since I don't have a track pad or a static search key. Please fix so I can use this app again!
its great luv it
Used this app for two years on my HTC Dream. Worked great. Just got a Galaxy Nexus and can't play Spider because a trackball or a search button is required to deal the next row of cards. This phone has neither. Otherwise, great app; hours of time-wasting fun!
There is no way to win any of the games
Its easy to use but the computer is never beatable.  I have played 103  games and only won once
how the hell do you deal cards on galaxy S @#&#
No crap for a free game!  Only improvement I can think of would be higher-res card art for sharper appearance on large or high-dpi screens.
This ap is clean and simple and does not freez up like the way 3d solitar did on my behold 2
The way the game is set up makes it unenjoyable. You will get the same card value repeatedly from the deck as well as under the cards. For instance: you have two 7s showing and the next cards will be 7s. Dumb algorithm.
I've counted 5 of the same card in a game. Its always doing that, and you can hardly ever win. Please correct!
Awsome hard to stop
I can't stop playing! HELP! :<
Doesnt give u all the cards and you can never win
verry hard but worth a try
Good app
Contrary to popular belief, it is winnable. I'm at 65%. Keep practicing.
Great app.
But there isn't any deal options for spider sollitaire :( xperia arc s.
Looks horrible on my Droid x2.
Love this game.
Really awesome and entertaining
Excellent game to kill time
Spider cannot deal on galaxy nexus
Please update for ICS so I can play spider solitaire. Thank you.
Does not scale up for tablet screens or allow hardware back button to exit application.
Spider solitare doesn't work, normal is great
great game, but can't deal in spider solitaire - galaxy ace
Solitaire. Plain and simple.
This one is the best for a fast game.
No deal option for the touch screen, Dell streak.
And I got it. Basic solitaire to play when picking up kids from school or just some mindless entertainment.
Love the game but same ol boards
I love this app, but it needs to be adjusted to work on the Bionic
Needs fix to work on EVO 3D full screen.
This is my favorite solitare app. Very well done!
I like the app but the algorithm/probability for this game is ridiculous. Ive played numerous solitaire games and can usually win within several tries. This one on the other hand hardly gives you a chance.
Solitare is Great and addictive but there is no way to Deal on the Ace..... Please add a deal button to the onscreen interface.
It 1 of the most boring games ever and yet i cant stop playing it...      !o!
Please remove all of the crap moving ads, it slows the app down and makes playing hard.
Love this app... Best ever..!
Nice
The cards might need a graphics overhaul, though. But I 'm satisfied nonetheless.
Great
Who ever programmed this has no concept of probability theory.
Works on any android device. I would love to see a hint option.
It took forevr to update on my android D:
Great app!
Best app! I'm totally addicted!
Very fun
Love it. Looks better on small screens.
Nice game Wish it was full screen on Razr.
Loved this app on my Nexus S but Spider doesn't work on the Galaxy Nexus with ice cream sandwich. Not possible to shuffle cards. Please please fix!
Graphics are not really up to galaxy s2 standard. rather meh. It doesn't tell you when there are no moves left.
Lost one star because game sometimes resets when receiving a text or call while playing. If playing vegas style, you lose all your money.
Galaxy Nexus does not have the 'menu' or 'searchglass' that you speak of to deal. Also the deck is not shown on the very large screen. So therefore it in impossible to play spider.: ( it works fine for classic. Wish it could be fixed.
Deducting one star because it no longer quits cleanly and will now keep running in the background. That said, still a great, simple app.
Best app to have to kill time and enjoy at the same time.
Like others said it needs to b able to be stored on the SD card
Responsive app, no ads, and is way better than ace solitair ever was
I waste a lot of time with this on my HTC Desire. Would be perfect if it could be installed on the SD card.
Small, quick. Really needs an update to fit full screen on high res screens. Cards can be hard to see, other similar apps use larger symbols
Great game
Best solitaire app ever! Luv it ^_^
Hooray! an app that doesn't think it needs to know who I am, what accounts I have, where I am, etc. This is how it should be. Thanks Ken.
Love it
I thought it wasn't going to work as well as it does but it works better than I thought. Very good app, wonderful!
Perfect simple solitary game. Best on the market.
There was no two of hearts
Love it but force closes alot
Really wish it fit my razr screen. I played over 20,000 times on my Droid x. Very addictive.
uninstalled it keeps shutting my phone off every time I play gets really annoying when I want to play it
Enjoy this app.
It wont give u all cards missing cards. I can never finish the games sucks
I don't have this app on my home screen because the icon is so ugly. Still the best solitaire app I have seen though. Intuitive controls and nice automatic plays.
Addictive
Spider dealing not working
Installed on galaxy s2 running perfect, good games smooth playing.
Graphics ok, no deal button on spider, no instructions
Love this game its the first game i choose.
Love this, play spider all the time! New Android OS doesn't have search button, so no way to deal in spider.  : -(  I can't play at all
The game is great. Unfortunately the mytouch by LG has neither a trackball or search button which prevents me from playing spider. Other than this, it is my favorite collection of card games.
Addictive
Lem
This is a GREAT card game app.  It just needs a little update to allow for changing the application's scale to better fit more devices.
Doesn't go full screen on Droid Razr.
No permissions. Kenneth magic should be knighted. Only decent developer on this dogshit market.
Love it! Keeps me busy during "waiting" times.
On my xoom tablet there is no way to deal
This version of Solitaire is the staple of games in general, and is one of the most fundamental game applications anybody should have on their phone or tablet!
Great game. NO issues.
Doesn't go full screen with Droid x2
.good
Love this!
I've played this Solitaire game for several years on my phone, it works fine (I generally only play spider.) Unfortunately when I put it on my tablett there don't seem to be any deal piles. Makes irt mighty hard to play.
Poor graphics...  :(
Nothing special.
Need I say more. Free. Simple. Would be 5 stars if graphics were a little bit crisper.
Great game and time killer!
Works great and love that theres a variety of games too choose from! Can't believe people are complaining about graphics!  Its a free card game!
Ics, there is  no search button
Bad graphics. Bad ui
It gives me sumtin to do wen I'm totally like bord and stuff
Love it....dont always win but I never won too much when I played with cards either!!! Thats the thrill of it
I have played forty thieves 100 times and have yet to beat it. Make it a lil bit easier please.
What a great game !!
Bad graphics and missing cards so I can't win.
Addicting
Horrible. Got all the way to the end of a spider game and there are missing cards so you can't win. There was not enough kings or jacks to finish and all cards were showing. Wtf!?
I play this every night but phone is running out of memory space. Dont see why this couldn't be updated to save to an external source.
I don't know how to play half of the games on this app...they should at least come with instructions.
Crap. Can't change difficulty
Flawless and simple.
Urrgh...what's the problem! Cards don't all appear in 2 or 4 card spider. I need my daily dose!!!!! Plz get a fix...Samsung Galaxy
The option to deal in the spider game is not available. Plus fix...
Good one. Can improve the graphics.
I used to play this all the time but now I can't deal in spider. Samsung galaxy nexus android 4.0
Works well and its nice to have a game with no adds and no weird permission requests.
Would give it 5* if I could deal with spider game. On samsung galaxy. Please update this fail.
Worked great on my Hero, but sucks on my new Photon...  Improve the graphics and make it fit the screen and I will re install
deal doesn't work so useless
Doesn't eat a lot of battery, but it doesn't fill the screen anymore? It did on my old DROID X but not on X2. Kinda disappointed in that.
i dnt how to deal in the spider game.... i cant do it wth any of the buttons!!!!!!!!!
I play this more than everything else on my phone combined.
Tryed all day to beat normal one but couldnt i mite just be very unlucky!... Uninstalled!
Quality crap uninstall#$!
The game is not even possible to beat it has 4 different types of solitary but you are never able to beat it except for one and the help section its only for one of the game which it still don't help it says its supposed to do something and it does not work that way.
Great game on my Droid both in look and function. Needs to be updated to look better on tablets like my Transformer Prime though.
Love this game but the screen is too small for the Samsung galaxy tab. Needs to fit the full screen.
Addictive. x
Loved this app before I changed to a Samsung galaxy phone. No way of dealing in spider! Please fix this and I will give it 5 stars again!
Fantastic app on the evo and hero however ok evo 3d it does not fit the screen. Please fix resolution
Great basics Everybody plays solitaire sometimes, and it's great to have a good reliable app for it.
Love !!!
This is an excellent rendition of the traditional Solitary game.  COULD ALLOW CONFIG BUTTON TO SELECT GAME TO BE PLAYED.  It is difficult 2 switch between games.
Luv it
I apologize for my comment. FOR THOSE ON PHONES WITHOUT TRACK BALLS, use the search button to deal. I just tried it and won my first game of Spider since installing it on this phone! Sorry for yelling at you Devs! :)
Simple, no ads, does what it says it does. Great little game
The GUI does not fit the galaxy note. Hope u update it so it'll be bigger in the note
Not every one likes the original way. Add more options such a simple app doesn't deserve a good rating.
Awesome App
Love it!!!
Solitaire   One of the good games
Awesome app! Simple and effective! Needs an update to fit screen on larger phones. Five stars if fixed. DROID Bionic
How the heck do you deal on a samsung galaxy s?
Great!!!
Can't move partial stacks in spider or freecell. The solitaire game worked great.  uninstalled anyway
I love the game and used it on HTC my touch and LG g2x, but on my galaxy nexus I get a large gray box that takes half the screen and a small piece of green in the top left that I assume is the game backdrop.
Great game until i changed my phone to a Samsung galaxy II, i don't have a track or a search button so i can't deal, very very sad
Simple as it is, i still play this more than any other game on my G1 and now my MyTouch 4G Slide
Its really fun. Does NOT waste battery n does NOT take up that muck space
Great ui. Comes with a few cardgames.
Missing vital play buttons on HTC 3D phone. Had to uninstall.
Won't work on galaxy nexus, opens in a quarter screen all black
Good but needs score on screen
helps pass the time
Worked well on my behold2 but the game doesn't display fullscreen on my HTC sensation.
Now with my Galaxy Nexus I can't deal a new game because there is no search button or trackball. Please update for ICS!!!
Good implementation. Fun to play. Works really well on all of my phones (G1, Incredible, Galaxy Nexus)
Works perfectly, no ads, and no special permissions required. It's like getting a pay-only app for free.
Good app. Choice of 4 games. Wd b better if it told u that there were no valid moves left though. Apart from that its excellent.
I used to be able to deal in Spider but can't now on my Samsung Galaxy SII. Must get sorted out soon. Other than that it's great.
This does what it says it does. Really easy to play, too. Only thing missing IMO is that (unlike Windows solitaire) it doesn't tell you when you're out of valid legal moves. Beyond that, great little time killer.
Like solitaire on your PC this free game is worth getting no "annoying" advertising and it helps pass the time if you're bored 8)
I love dis game!!!! It will never be deleted off my phone!!!!
Doesnt work on galaxy s2. Cant deal a new game.
I can't deal in spider, how do I do it? XD apart from that, great app :)
Can't move stack in spider. Okay for regular solitaire. Only gives me two types of solitair, not worth it for me, free or paid. Uninstalled.
Best game ever!
Omg so addictive
Was my favorite solitaire app, but needs a new version as ICS no longer has a search button and as such no way to deal in some games
Great game but needs rules
I also cannot deal as I do not have a search button or a trackball. Not well thought out at all
Slightly addicted :/
Doesn't work on galaxy nexus =(
Very pood graphics
This app has all the basics.
Vegas mode actually follows vegas rules... sweet! Anyone can win if you can deal 50x and play from the foundation. Search button deals... vegas on one card is once thru the deck... Oh no it looks old...who cares! No permissions NO ADs and FREE!...PERFECT
Hi
How can i use deal in spider mode? Cant find it!
Great app- perfect for the everyday solitaire player. Would love to see an HD version for my tablet, number of moves in statistics, and a way to play spider on my tablet since there is no deck, no trackball, and no search button in the asus eee transformer- maybe tap on number of decks remaining?
Hard to read, looks like it was copied from software made in 1995. No options like changing background, enabling undo on turns, or having sfx
Does not fit the screen on the Bionic
Just got my droid bionic. The game does not fit the full sceen. Why is that? It used the full screen on droid x. Harder to see.
Nice simple game, no special permissions required, tiny install size, and free. It may not have the sexiest graphics, but it is elegant and simple.  Well done, folks, well done.
estatzsz,zssze es,z
Poor graphics. Why such awful graphics, makes it difficult to see the card number, there's so much better on market for free. SSGII.
I cant stop playing it
Nice game format but just not realistic. I have played like 80+ hands of 40 thieves and only won twice. SUCKS!!!!! Way too hard to enjoy
Cool App! It could use some background music, but overall, grea game.
the freecell
Not dealing. Thanks!
Uses only part of screen on my 960x540 HTC Vivid.
