K-9 Mail is an open-source e-mail client with search, IMAP push email, multi-folder sync, flagging, filing, signatures, bcc-self, PGP, mail on SD & more! K-9 supports IMAP, POP3 and Exchange 2003/2007 (with WebDAV).
Thank you
I couldn't get it to connect to my Gmail account, it just kept throwing errors. A lot of problems reported with Gmail connectivity, so I tried all the fixes I could find, but the errors just kept changing. Waste of time.
Would love to see an option to disable showing of the full e-mail address in the account list and only show the display name. Firstly to save some space in the list, and secondly to not let anyone looking over your screen to know your addresses. Thanks!
Pawsome 
...suckes battery since update / Nexus 4, stock 4.4.4
This is an outstanding email app! It works perfectly, super customizable! Also has a very unique  and comfortable interface. It's that simple to describe it, nothing else to say, really, because it's  just great! Last year, when I bought a new phone, i didn't even try its own mail client app because i got used to k9 a lot. Thanks for your great app and amazing support!
This app crashes, at a minimum, daily. Sometimes it will crash several times per day. My favorite thing is when I get 500 notifications for the same email. Love that. Also, the nice 4 gig burn on my data from the turd running all night was a great surprise. Do yourself a favor and skip this app.
Please consider to redesign app interface with new and fresh material look for best user experience
Nice App except just about every time I read my email and delete what I don't want or, empty the trash it pops up and tells me K-9 Mail has stopped working and then, shuts down and I have to restart it. :-(
Great
The only email client I would trust (open sourced) while also supporting reply email configuration (Reply-To and From fields).  If you're finding the other email clients a bit lacking/bare or you're finding it does not allow you to tailor the way you do email, give K9 a go. It hasn't disappointed me so far.
It's great even though it's a free. I paid for Kaiten mail and it's based on k9 but broken because there is no update.
Contact Icon should be optional & sizeable. It takes up space & detracts from preview text. Definitely worth the download. I would like to see 2 & 3 minute polling options.
Crashes with every try to login
I have used and loved this app for a few years now across 3 or more phones, but just recently it stopped retrieving e-mail for no reason although settings are correct. Have switched to default mail app which is boring but actually works. :(
The most email clients allows you to load up to 2500 emails but the k-9 allows much more. Last week loaded up to 1120  un read it  emails
I have used K9 since my first Android device. Easily handles multiple accounts and simplifies managing your email. Currently using it on a Samsung Galaxy Note 3
It's ok. Since recent updates the default font is too small. The multi select check boxes are so small your finger can barely find it and it takes several tries. Super annoying latest version
Thanks for great app
UI is far too outdated.
Better than stock Android client on my Evo 4G, then Galaxy S3 and now an S5.  Much better!  Still the best even though gmail has added support for IMAP accounts.
Best mail app on Google play , don't worry download
K9 mail is hands down best email app for Android. . Better than factory installed mail.  Trouble getting attachments or sync notifications? . K9 solves all problems.
I installed K9 in my Sony Xperia more than a year and a half ago and has always worked perfectly. The Sony mail app was AWFUL. I recently purchased another phone and installed it there also... VERY GOOD
Gmail official app is not cool in gingerbread, thanks to k9-mail. I feel relaxed while having it in my device with a conference that I will not miss any single urgent mail.
When there are images in the body of the message fit to screen makes all the texts of the body very small and the image is full width of the screen.  This makes reading the content very difficult since it is so small. I am using Samsung 6 edge. Worked perfectly on Samsung s4. The 250 maximized font size is ignored.
Deal breaker!
Yallssendittomails318lindsaydraptb3boxgreenvillenc27834
I used this app a while back but forgot about it when I switched phones multiple times.  I've recently reinstalled it and have to say I'm impressed with the progress. It was already a solid app but it keeps improving. It's clear their developers are very active in continuing to improve usability.
Better than any other e mail app I've tried. Simple and clean UI. Only thing missing is the ability to save e mails to device.
Works with gpg/pgp.
Still the best option when you want gpg on android! A great product- love the dark theme.
But it has been force closing constantly since the last update.  Sometimes when i'm not even looking at the app.  Not happy.  Please fix this.
Perfect Email app thanks
Everything I need.
It's old, slow, and cranky. Is K9 even being supported anymore or has it been sent to the software nursing home?
K-9 works fine in Asus TF300. Still hoping that weekend turn off of specific accounts was possible!
Needs fix
Features like default poll intervals auto cc (maybe even auto cc myself ) maybe auto attaching (for public keys /vcards)
I love the interface. It will be my client of choice once I can get it to recognise my openmailbox account. So far username and password come back with errors even though they are correct. Also unfortunately the app can't be moved to SD without total loss of  app data
In recent months it has developed an annoying habit of mis-reporting the number of new emails. It constantly reported new mail when none existed. I have switched to Type Mail and so far so good.
Works fine, just doesn't have quickview desktop widget which was the deal breaker.
Love the app. Good at getting my emails.
Forwarding attachments fails frequently
Galaxy s5
I receive a new email and there is all the emails that trashed 4 different times no matter what i try there is is all the emails i read and put in the trash
The best email client, I miss windows/linux versions. It has sometimes refresh/reload issues, but it does exactly what it should.
Has everything except encryption
Now I start missing some advanced touchscreen features, eg swiping to move, archive, postpone. Need to many taps to move email between folders...
Stating&inastull
Superb app..i had no time to check my mails over the pc..with this app i can check aswell as i can delete the mails  from the email server as well..Love it
Used and liked it for several years, drains the battery!
When changing my DPI to anything lower than stock on my Nexus 6 the DPI of K9 doesn't change.  This is terrible as I do not like the huge DPI.  Also there's still no way to disable the Account Colors on the left which take up screen space.
On my Galaxies: Tab, S2 & now A3 - such a great email client - I hardly ever use email on my PCs now. Thanks K9 crew!
Can't send email because I can't create my Gmail account in the first place. After entering my password, I can't click Next. Poor... XPERIA Z3
I have been very happy with K-9 (Lollipop@Nexus5) , but by July 2015, all of sudden, emails from one my 3 accounts stopped being displayed in unified box...is there any way to sort this out?...if not, I'll have to change.
Also, it does not support an automatic insertion of the previously typed addresses by first symbols.
Had trouble creating new folders. Everything appears in inbox even though folders are on server. Way too many emails on company account to resort again.
Great Overview!
Really needs proxy support so it can use orbot without root.
It was not filtering spam for me at all, and since I get lots in my two accounts, my Galaxy was whistling practically non-stop alerting me to each of the dozens of spam messages coming in.
Vare
Manual Account Settings is deeply buried. Otherwise, I keep loving my faithful email doggie
Nice app
Always worked as well as could be hoped.  Great app
Kindly add sorting to search similar to outlook on laptops
All I need for email. Many thanks.
This is a great app,  I use it everyday. But it needs an option to link emails to google calendar events and tasks.  Folders should  also be sorted/ordered manually  and selected for syncing....
After I upgraded my S5 to android lollipop it won't fetch my main email. It fetches all 5 other emails but not the one I need most. Please let me know if this can be fixed. *edit* I installed the update hoping it would fix the issue but alas, no. I'm currently searching for a new app. Sorry K-9, I really wanted to keep you but....
Awesome email client.  Love the features.  Also, their comapion app makes my Sony smart watch worth having.
My favourite email client when it comes to customizations, however the seemingly unsolved issues below makes me go for other alternatives : - great drain on battery of almost 60% which reduces battery life while the phone is idle - lots of heat generated from idle phone use  - frequent app crashes
This is the best email client for android especially  if you use gpg. But I have a suggestion, would it be possible to add support for subfolders?
Mail
if there was a way to backup settings AND emails for exporting to a new device i would give it full marks.
This wasn't it. No email filters, no easy to understand folder list/folder management - one big long email list. Not easy to navigate my email collection.
I have been using this app for quite a while now,  no complaints,  great app except there is no junk filter! Anything to solve this problem in the near future Dear Developers ? (I don't want to relay my emails via Gmail...)
I just wish they update the UI more often. We need a Lollipop edition!
One day it just stopped receiving new email.
I moved to K-9 from Typemail because I wanted the ability to send emails from an alias, which you can do with the identity feature.  The user interface isn't as nice but it is perfectly acceptable.  It does take some effort to set up and it is worth reading the help information from their website particularly about push and pull fetching.  I haven't found any problems and I have it set up for three Google accounts. Recommended.
Covers all my email needs
Couldn't get exchange account to work so it's getting deleted from my phone.
Have 4 accounts all POP/SMTP all empty but now one shows larger size after compacting. Pls fix.
The app doesn't walk you through the Archive set up process. If it is not configured by the user you will loose all that you archive due to the fact it creates a Archive folder that is not linked and when you change to link folder or change to different folder it you will loose all in the unlinked Archive folder it created. This issue has been around for many years and they have not addressed it yet 
Stil llike program.  Settings &gt; battery reports15%battery usage ,ouch! Tried limiting connection timeto no avail.  K9 remainsin memory when exciting, not good.  I understand  services still run, but program shouldnot be in memory when properly exciting. I get a boat load of k9 errors regularly. It needs a serious maintenance update. Is anyone else having any issues ues? I jope they fix k9.
I constantly get messages from Google saying 'suspicious sign in prevented' :)
All around decent features, much better than in the stock app or gmail app. All boxes unified, like sent and deleted, not just an inbox would be a nice addition here. There's also an occasional glitch when emails are displayed in a tiny font, and you've got to go back and click on it again to see it scaled properly.
Good app but for some reason when I click mark all read it marks them all read until I refresh then they all become unread again. Hope this gets fixed soon.
Since installing this app I'm getting 10 times more junk mail. The developer is selling email lists to spammers. Nice.
It's utterly ridiculous that you can't simultaneously add multiple attachments, and have to go through workaround loops to do so.
There is no longer a reply button in the message view. You have to exit out to the messages list and long click. You have got to be kidding me.
Although it isn't perfect, it comes far closer than any other Android mail app I'm aware of.
Unable to sent mails nowadays
This is a what I was looking for , thanks for keeping it 100% add free
The app just keeps getting  better
Works on a Nexus 5. But after the latest update seems to be using rather a lot of battery.  Still the highest battery usage of all the apps on the phone.
If your looking for a mobile mail client and aren't sure what to choose this one is the way to go. It evens supports that Microsoft Exchange rubbish our company uses.
Struggling  with downloading
Best email client for Android
The app itself is great, a lot of features and I even love the design, but push doesn't work. Uninstalled.
I am unable to save email attachments to my SD Card. I'm currently on Lollipop using Galaxy S4.
Nice app. But need UI to be updated for Android's 5.
Best email app ever
BB enjoy
Update 3... Now crashing almost every time I delete a message either from within the message or from the lost of messages.   Update2... Fixed link clicks so they work. Good for most part but seriously annoying when on a daily basis it randomly turns off sync so messages stop being deleted on server.  No reason why, just stops.  Don't notice till you log in via web and see that hundreds of emails that you thought were deleted are all still sitting there. Waste of time
Nice work. I don't have any problems.
I can't get the push notifications to work on either account. Disappointing.
Thanks for this application team!! greatcapp.!! 
Tons of certificate errors on outgoing server since update.  I really wish the app didn't have to download a set number of messages. If I delete a new email why do really old emails reappear so I have to mark them read - again, and again, and again? this isn't required for yahoo mail just POP.
Found no documentation and no way to add email accounts.  Was easy program to use last year.
Perfect
Love it!
I love this app..
Used on S3min & S4min very pleased for 3 years. June 2015 phone got hot and batt drained in 1 hour. Settings showed K9 responsible. Uninstalled, rebooted, reinstalled. Charged overnight, same thing again. Removed, set Samsung mail up,  recharged now working well. Sorry K9,  let me know when you have fixed.
Creates too many push connections. Resulting in problems for any other devices connected to the gmail account.
Absolutely great
Very useful
Since 2012-Sep thru present 2015: (1) Rotating device while in-progress of composing msg ERASES all entries (2) App does not utilize Android clipboard .. can only paste last item copied despite numerous clips available (3) When press fwd on a lengthy email, then press edit, app crops end portion of original body.
Folks, thank you for this great app! Linux package would be nice, too. Keep it up!
Be great in the notification panel if you could click a button saying "mark as read and delete" for spam. Also I find it strange in your inbox you can't select an email and hit forward or reply. You need to actually go into the email itself to do this which is annoying.
All around a great email client.  Unfortunately, I need PGP support, and K-9 doesn't support PGP/MIME-encoded messages.  That's the only thing holding me back from giving five stars.
This is a fine choice of e-mail apps, especially because it is open-source and has no ads. The interface is primitive and confusing, but you'll figure it out eventually. I had problems setting up my accounts, but that was my fault for not using the automatic settings.
I loved and like it so much.
Very fast and slim mail client. Subfolders could be more convenient.
1. Can I insert picture in signature and change font colour? 2. Can I insert or paste logo/picture/table on email screen?
Could you please relocate move to trash button? it is right under the thumb and i have deleted so many e-mails just accidentally! thanks in advance
Gmail with pop does not work. Only with imap. Has a lot of setting options. That is good. For now my favorite (not correct - the one I can somehow live with it) email client - but what else I found was just more disappointing. Okay but not perfect. What I do not like for instance is the widget. It does not fit to the other icons on the screen. So hard to put it in center of an icon space? Update: after months of usage I have to say it is somehow usable despite some severe problems. Where it has severe problems at my device (Samsung Tab S with 4.4.2 and Lollipop 5.0.2 now) is to check mails again (manual sync request) or send new ones - it takes often forever. Only killing the app and starting the check/send again helps. This problem makes it almost useless. But sometimes it works. There are not many updates at this app... Problems but no developers?
I've used k9 for several years, and generally really liked it. Over the past couple of years, though, it has simply gotten too slow to be functional. Opening a message takes several seconds, as does returning to the message list. I didn't know if it was my phone ( note 2), my server, or k9. I just downloaded aqua, and though I haven't used it enough to know if I actually like it, it seems to do the trick and opens messages quickly.
The problems from April+May 2015 have been fixed.  Very flexible app with a great user experience.
Love this app unfortunately I can't live without threaded view by subject in the unified mailbox... So I have to go back to Gmail app until k9 fixes this :-(
Used to love this but now can't turn off the new mail notifications so uninstalling.
Great app
I just downloaded this and it will not allow me to add any accounts. Neither the manual setup nor the next button will highlight.
Even remove of the old version did not help
Best mail app i hv ever used.....
Works great does what others can't,  needs a little work on the appearance
Timelords,arise!
Uses too much battery, IMAP works with poll instead of push notifications, ... Miles ahead of anything from what it should be.
Been using K-9 for years... not because it's the hands-down best mail app (can't say it is) but because they fix issues quickly and nearly always fix them the *first* time. That's rare (sadly). I'll take great support over bells/whistles any day.
Latest update fixed problem where links opened within the email client.  Back to five stars.
I am a new convert to Android coming from Blackberry which used to have auto bcc but got rid of it in its latest operational software.  Therefore, I appreciate K9 a lot because my work email is Pop 3 so my sent work emails on my phone dont show up on my desktop unless I can bcc and your auto bcc does that so I have a complete file of my emails on my desktop at work.
Now it moves read and unread emails around in the inbox, rather than keeping them in chronological order. Because emails are grouped by thread, unread emails also appear as though they have been read. Very annoying feature
An excellent alternative to gmail
This app crashes more than Evel Knievel!
Thank you
Ioveyou
... nothing more need be said.
I love this app, so much better than the standard email application.
Latest version gives error 505 when installing?
I've used K-9 for almost nine months and I love it! Super powerful and is rock solid. F/LOSS FTW!
Brilliant job.
If you need to access multiple accounts on bespoke servers, then this is the one.
5/10/14 Following is still a problem: Occasionally messages load with "(No Subject)" and body of text says "No Text." These messages, with full content, exist on my email server but I can't get them to sync so I can see message on my smartphone. In addition, the time of the (no subject) message is wrong. I'm using Yahoo mail with IMAP. Great customization options and UI but not good if I can't see all my emails.
I have been using this app for a few years.   It is easy to set up and works great.  I have it set up with 2 yahoo accounts and 2 gmail accounts.
Does it all, with the power of open source.
A wonderful mail app that has always done the job for me across a bunch of different android devices and versions. I especially like how it keeps the different mail accounts apart and how customizable it is per account. Keep up the great work on this app!
Though I have used K-9 Mail for over a year, I'd not posted a review.  I'm still using it so what ielse need be said?  Well, there is more.  I was prompted to post today because they just put out an update for an issue caused by an Android component update.  While it took weeks for this response, it now works again for me and in a world where sometimes these updates seem to never come, weeks is pretty good.
Solo APP. U really creative
This app is great! All the functionality of AOSP email and Gmail, and even more! The ability to aet multiple 'from:' addresses is what really sells this app to me. It does look a little odd on Android 5+ though, because it still uses the older Holo design.
I've used K9 for some years happily, although I really don't like the very childish capital letter highlight of each message on list view, but I can't seem to get rid of it. Now won't send email at all, despite applying this morning's fix. Note 4 running lollipop.
Love it. BTW the "stupid" icon is K-9 from Doctor Who, so it's not stupid.  I love the new version.
Best email program out there. Great customizations. Should support Exchange.
Nearly perfect, but needs PGP S/MIME.
I just gave this app a one star before realizing there was an update fixing links in an email
Great app, but poor pgp implementation. It seems to support inline pgp only. It creates emails that look unprofessional, and full of gibberish, when opened in a client that does not support inline mime.
They fixed the bug. Back to working amazingly.
This should be the standard email client on Android. Secure FOSS with integrated PGP encryption. There's nothing better. Only improvement could be updating the design to conform with current Android design guidelines. 9.5/10
Love it
Doesn't auto fetch my emails anymore.
All those filters to use to search with!! Easy to use, good looking UI, and smooth. Best part its open source!! Access all your email accounts and get notifications. Great development!!***Working great on all my devices (Acer a500, Nexus 7, HTC One V, LG Tribute,  Kyocera Event, Nextbook 8, Nabi 2, And Bluestacks on PC). Loving it!!
It's a great daily driver, but I find that it doesn't play well with every Exchange server. It worked great at my university's, but poorly with my employer's. I love it for my personal e-mail though. Improve Exchange support and add MIME/PGP for five stars.
pgp support!
K9
Used this app to collect iCloud mail and mail from my own personal OSX server on my Nexus handset but it has just stopped receiving mail from both. Tried many different incoming server settings to no avail. Continually fails authentication for incoming mail servers which I know are correct. Used to work with exactly the same settings and I have changed nothing. Prior to issues was a 4* application!
Something with a recent update prevents my from opening links. I click and it gives me the url but doesn't open anymore. Very frustrating! Finding a new email app! Used to love K9
Good.
Even when set to never delete from sever you can't move stuff from trash back to inbox in pop3. Doesn't even ask if you're sure you want to delete. Devs don't care, check github.
Works great for multiple emails.
A few emails download and the app stops working and must exit.
This app used to be great but recently it regularly locks up and had a habit of putting read emails in the junk folder. It then completely locks up when I access that folder to send them back. PLEASE SORT THE APP, AS IT USED TO BE GREAT!!!!
Seem a nice email client, but two fatal problems with gmail. It doesn't handle labels fully, and doesn't seem to understand conversations properly. Eg I have a conversation with 23 emails but only two are shown. Labels are treated as folders, which they are not.
Links now open in Webview and all functionality of the webpage is lost. Please revert or at least have an optional setting - long press and goto link not user friendly.
I love this app!  So, why the 2 stars?  Because, just recently, it started giving me an error EVERY time I click a link.  "Webpage not available" "net::ERR_CACHE_MISS".  The only workaround is to long press and select Open Link.  Why would short-pressing and selecting Open Link not perform the same exact function?
Stupid
Tried to add Exchange account and got error. I need features described in this app but I can't get it to even work...
When trying to setup my gmail I get Invalid setup:null regardless of what I click.
It's a great app, Ans works great with tasker. But despite of various configurations and settings, I still can't connect to my Microsoft Exchange server account. It simply doesnt connect. Shows some kind of I/O error. Whenever i try to poll a specific folder, it results in "IOException: Error with cod".  Please provide a solution to this.
Against my better judgment I updated. Now one of my accounts today reverted to showing only a single email and for the life of me I can't get it to load any past messages. So lame, so incredibly lame.
Extra cooles Proggi, klein und schnell - sehr empfehlenswert - getestet mit IMAP und APG.
Really impressed by its speed and flawless performance. It even sent attachments without a hitch from google sheets.
Wouldn't even synch emails with note 3
Make it look good else works perfectly fine and better than many other famous apps
This application allows tens of accounts, mixed POP3 and IMAP.  I think its the closest one can come to Mozilla Thundebird email client on a tablet or phone.  The only things I found missing were 1) the ability to move mails from one IMAP server to another IMAP, 2) the ability to search the subject line separately and more quickly than always searching the entire email text. 3) Filters
It crashes far too often making it useless
Not liking this behavior at all. Links should open in my browser.
Links used to open in my browser, now they are opening inside the app and not doing it very well. Prefer to go to my browser.
This is, hands down, the best fit for my mobile e-mail needs.  But it still seems sketchy on Goggle's idea of folders (tags) and tends to download all e-mail for your inbox when using POP3, regardless of read status or folder/tag location.
Gud
Every time I start the app
I cannot tell you how nice this program is. So customizable and does not rely on that piece of crap default Gmail app that comes with most phones. you can assign different ringtones to different accounts make the LED flash different colors for different accounts and I have no idea why other people are saying it crashes or will not send I think its operator error. I really do think there are some people in the world just too stupid to understand the simplest of things and they blame the program
Don't work any longer
Used to be a great app. After three years of using K9 satisfactorily I now run into the problem of receiving attachements in winmail.dat format. I've never had that problem before with attachments. I just got the files as they were send. Not anymore.
Liked the app  but now things happening such as deleted mail comes back into inbox and I hate this. Should not be happening. Also how do you limit the number of messages in your inbox, I currently have 110 and it is difficult to work with this amount?
Nu are o tema mai aranjata si mai moderna cun ar trb
Had no issues with the email client, it simply does everything I need it to and with great ease. Works very smooth together with the app Openkeychain to provide PGP email encryption on the fly.
I use stars a lot and it is frustrating the star and scroll bar overlap each other.  I thought I didn't have this problem before in old version(can't remember whst version it was)...
Design is a flaw
While K9 supports PGP/Inline for encrypted mail, it doesn't support the better and more widely used PGP/Mime standard. Which makes it utterly useless, since 99% of encrypted emails I receive use the latter.
Good
Good app
Good for most things, but no mail filtering
If you need *all the options* regardless of mail service provider, this is the only choice.
Love this app. PGP integration and FOSS. Functional and reliable.
Unable to send emails now. Please provide fix.
This was a great email client and have been using if for years, but now I can't seem to send emails. So this is 50% useless!
Tank you.
This was a great email until a few weeks ago.  I am currently unable to send emails on my lenovo tablet.  I tried everything, including uninstalling and reinstalling the app but no go.  There is something going on with the latest version that I hope they fix really soon.
It's the only one I've used for years now.
Very customisable
Don't know if this work or not
is very good
Last couple of updates the problems seem to be getting worse!   Now I have to manually update to recieve emails and it will not send them!
It's 2015 and you're not using ActiveSync?  Maybe this should be bundled with Paint Shop Pro and Pegasus Mail!  Because this app seems to be stuck in the past, still on the 1st season of Friends....
Nice
Sorry k9. Have used you for years but you are no longer reliable (doesn't fetch or send often, blank page on opening messages etc). Now that Gmail can link to hotmail there is a better alternative.
Still the best. Does everything Gmail won't. It can sort messages. Lots of customizable options. Really nice progrm.
Good email app, if a little basic - but for mobile devices, I suppose this is an advantage. Would really like to see an update that allows you to use properly formatted signatures with images. Would also like HTML text option.
Nexus 4, stock rom (latest) and crashes every time I multi select emails (e.g to bulk delete). Happens on Kaiten (fork) as well, so clearly a major issue with the build and not update for months has fixed it despite constantly sending crash logs. Giving up and moving to type mail.
I think this app will be help androi
Installed. Tried to set up. Forced closed repeatedly. Uninstalled.
Recent updates prove buggy... Does any one else know this app as a Dr. Who reference? Google it lol
It's ok
I have only been using it for a few hours and right now what I find "surprising" is that there seems to not be a single tap way of replying. I mean, are you pooping me? Other than that, so far it seems like it might be okay. But we'll see.
Continually crashes.
Works great with encryption, but please see how poorly it renders BestBuy deals email and please fix it.  Also, sent folder is useless. Only shows email I sent way back in September 2012 (it's now May 2015)
It's a grty app indeed love it bgtym
I get two attachments everyone I send an encrypted email from my Mac desktop to my android phone...this doesn't work!!! I can send encrypted emails fine from k9 though. Please fix!!
Please fix the 'unable to find viewer' error. I used this for work, everything is perfect unless when receiving some certain file attachment types. Seriously please find a workaround that doesn't involve saving and opening separately. Thank you.
...not even this one, though it seems to be the best of a bad batch. Do not use K-9 if you have more than a few hundred messages in your email system. Kept throwing NULLPointerExceptions, I imagine they were triggered by 'too many' messages. In any case, use of IMAP is hindered, because the app seems to try to read the whole messages prior to showing them in the folder, even if you tell it not to. On a fast internet connection, this was gonna take hours to show the thousands of emails in my inbox. Search options seem limited... search whole messages, or... ? Whole messages then. Other choices were too complex, eg too many options for whether or not to display folders. If I made a folder, display it. Use the alphabet to decide where. Done. Make options for things that matter. Good luck for the future. I uninstalled. Will make post-it note to self as reminder: do not trust a platform for email which is provided by a monopoly who makes their money from reading your email. Q.E.D.
Chat
Good
mau
Four years later and *still* no message filtering rules. Could this be added as they're essential for serious email users! Can't believe that the marking of spam emails is so convoluted! No longer the best. Sorry but look at Aquamail app instead!
I hate to see so many ppl say it no longer has multi select it does go global settings display enable and exit & open again same for those who claim that on note stars take up too much room  display turnoff display of names exit app and open to large decrease # of lines in display same thing for other things options are there defaults have minor changes don't want the colours in the letters remove them
This app is a must have for those that need public key integration in the smoothest way possible. This combined with APG app make the sending and receiving a fluid and enjoyable event. Thanks guys, you have come along way.
Please advise me how to add more than one account,  i could not find the option of adding account after i add 1st account.
Love the app but lately it seems outgoing messages take forever to send. Even plain text email takes several minutes to send.
No way to search for a word in an email
Excellent PGP integration, but I have some major qualms with it: Nested folders shows like a relative Unix path, rather than multi-level menus. If there are certificate errors with one of your accounts, it will endlessly flash your LED, regardless of your settings, until you resolve it. It is unclear whether it supports formatting: if I save a draft with links on a format-capable client and open it on K9, it auto converts to BBCode, but doesn't seem to convert it to an HTML message upon sending it.
With attachments being larger, and providers limiting total email size, would be great to see the size of the email before sending, rather than wait for the rejection notification.
There isn't much not to like about this email client and it has worked flawlessly on test.  But the only feature that is missing is access protection.  I can't believe anyone could develop such a great client and miss out such an important security feature for a mobile device.  I really don't want my email available to just anyone who picks up my phone.  I am calling on the dev to add a password on start , or for another developer to make a plugin to add this missing important feature to K9 mail.
Best feature is the ability to move emails and attachments to the SD Card.
I've had the App for years and have been happy with it. Until the Android 5 update on my Note 3. After the update, my phone started crashing/rebooting about once a day. I spent weeks trying to track down the problem. I did a reset on my phone and re-installed my critical Apps and the problem was still present. It would happen even when the phone was sitting on charge overnight. I called AT&T, and they admitted that this was one of the problems they were seeing since the Android 5 update but all they could offer was a $100 phone replacement with no guarantee that this was solve the problem. Then I realized that it often happened when I was checking my email with K9. I removed K9, rebooted my phone, and it has only crashed once in the last 7 days. So, while there may be an underlying problem with Android 5,  it becomes a critical problem with K9 installed.
Will see if I can contribute something.
dark brown
It is good to use. But I don't like the wallpaper as it is automatically paste. I need to save mine as wallpaper my self.
I've used K-9 for 4 years without any problems, first on my Samsung Moment and now on my new phone.  Works great! Custom settings very useful. Always notifies me when I have new mail. You can have it check (poll) for new mail constantly or once a day; change poll settings to longer time to save battery life. My fave email app out of the three I use.
After update 5.005 I get SSL problem, please fix it. So I need to downgrade to the version 4.804
Rate
Tired of constantly getting errors about connection and not being able to read emails. Looking for a new app to access multiple emails accounts.
Very Good and beautiful
Not disappointed me once
Reed
Moved from kaiten..
Nice
Last update resulted in K9 constantly crashing while polling one of my accounts. When I restart K9, I can see part of an error message next to the title of the folder (inbox) saying "SocketTimeoutException: Rea"... The folder has about 500 messages. Other accounts work fine. Using IMAP.
Can't even use Hotmail with it. Tried emailing to find out what's up, no answer. I've emailed the developer twice w no reply
does not work as advertised. impossible to get help - no manual
Can't do without this app.. But I've been having problems syncing with live mail. Help please!
Installed it, and was immediately shown a message saying Hotmail is not supported. Why not show that BEFORE people install it?
K9 is hands down the best email client I have found for android. Latest update fixes display problem on lollipop.
I recently switched from iOS to Android.  This is the closest app that replicates the iMail experience
My Sprint LG G2 updated to lollipop this week.  Ever since, K-9 as been SLOW to open, SLOW to select emails to delete, SLOW to get new emails, etc.  Need an update ASAP.
So I can decrypt my mail with the help of APG, but sending mail is a nightmare (aka doesn't work). In my opinion, being able to send and email from an email app is important, but that may just be me..                                            UPDATE: uninstalled... Got too fed up with the constant "failed to send" notifications
Had to move from gmail and android default mail after they started their "conversations" nonsense.
Works great with Gmail. Not so well with hotmail/live. Instead of deleting messages it will just mark them as read. Seems to be a common issue in most email clients.
Forwarding emails simply starts a new email chain and doesn't include previous correspondence after last update.
Solo k-9
An incredibly nice app with good features but the bugs overwhelm the features ...  emails from multiple mailboxes (gmail yahoo imap)  sometimes don't download....  and delete emails from local and server fails and all emails daleted are downloaded again
Great mail client but could really do with a decent mail list widget
Tried to set up Gmail, but failed login. Received email from Google that sign-in attempt through "unsecure app" was blocked. I don't know if this is a K9 problem, or Google being idiots/a**holes.
This android update has broken it. Please fix
It crashes a bit too often everyday at least once or twice using galaxy s4
I had to install this app after installing another app to make it work...lol...neither one works. Not able to print from android...galaxy s 5...run the other way....
I keep getting certificate errors.  Havent been able to access my email using k9 since their last update.  Been weeks.  Uninstalling.  Id rather pay for an app I can actually use.
Used this for years and loved it.  When I upgraded my phone and put K9 on it, it loaded a newer version... which will not send emails. Checked online & other users have the same issue. I will try K9 again in a few months to see if the issue has been resolved.... I liked it that much.
Superb
By not using std android sync features, there's no way I can trigger a manual sync unless I open the app. This is pretty useless to me. Use case. "Data is on, but android auto sync is off, i press a button manually to sync Everything on my phone ( calendars, etc). No notification appears from k9 about new email. I open k9 and presto, there it is." It is disappointing to see so many good reviews about this product that ignores basic android systems. Note. I don't poll, I don't background auto sync.
Brilliant app. Adding variety to the notification sound would be a huge plus. Thank you developers.
Recently I noticed that when I read an email it gets moved to the bottom under other unread emails, taking them out of order by date until all emails are read. Update: It seems that the latest update set the sort order to read/unread instead of date like I used to have.
The best email app
No exchange 2010 support.
I love this app. The problems started after the last two upgrades.  Now when you open an email and try to enlarge it, it just makes it larger than the screen width.  It used to re adjust and keep the email screen width and made it longer.  Is there a setting for this or is there a program error?
its so good but i like it
Great
Its very usefull for you...
I cannot send any email. For 2 days now. Before it was working. There is no way to contact the devs..
New version rocks
Thanks very much :)
I can't find a way to print the body of an email on my SG4, only attachments . since upgrade, can't send from hotmail.
Goodd
Storage at external sd doesn't really store to sd card. How come it can't just let us choose the external sd root path? I guess it thought /storage/sdcard0 to be external?
Fhh
A bit buggy at the moment... But once you know your way unbeatable.
Good &perfect
It's light, fast and needs no special permissions. Five stars!
I often have a lot to say about things lacking in features or the GUI, but not here. It took a bit to find the desired settings, but I eventually found everything I was looking for, including replyto. On my Moto E 2ndGen 4GLTE under Lollipop 5.02, I like the single button review (skip, marking as read, or delete) of email, including the landscape split, and it appears nice on cell data (and use WiFi) once was told to restrict in background like other apps need.  We'll see, when ads start appearing. The only tiny downside I have is that the notifications should be in color (rather than boring B&W) and should refer to K-9 rather than generic email. That's all I have, and it ain't much negative --> 5*.  Maybe more later...
I use this over 'email' because it's better
I use it with 3 accounts Hotmail, Gmail and GMX, all with IMAP, substituting the stock email and Gmail too. No problems or issues. The fact that I use it quickly faded into the background, as befits a good application with many available alternatives. Being open source implies less lossage, pretense, bullshit, nagging, and no promotion nor in-app selling.
Apparently this has been an issue for years and it is still not fixed.
The problem with the app is that when refreshing email it frequently gets stuck polling a folder. This was draining my battery a lot so I changed it to check for messages only when I manually do so. I often have to close the app, restart it then hit refresh again to get my email. A bug that hid messages behind white recently was fixed according to release notes. Nexus 4 w/ lollipop
Nice app I loved it
Tried lots of others, this is the best
Using it for managing 8 accounts ... love it. Any options to display mail on lock screen?
Wold like to see connected to te calendar
I heavily prefer open source software so this is a plus. I like this mail client. Thanks.
Lollipop display problem corrected in v5.005, but still very sluggish
My number one mail
I've been using this mail client for years, and it was phenomenal.  However about 2 or 3 updates ago, it started crashing when opening certain messages or only displaying a tiny piece of the message, with the rest of the screen just a blank white space.  More recent updates have changed and tweaked this problem, but they haven't managed to kill it yet, making the app very hard to use for productivity purposes.  Back to webmail for me, and will give 5 stars once the app is stable again!!
so much
This app includes many features to customize the email experience for multiple accounts.  Thanks for a super email client!
Best, simple, free and clean.
Good
Its very fine app for sending and receiving emails. But, it is not giving me the notifications when connected to internet. I have to go into the app to find out whether there is new email for me
I will give one more star when someone tells me how I can change the default font in my sent emails. I just hate Times New Roman.
I was looking for a mail app to replace the painfully slow yahoo app. I installed this and the first question is is my email imap, pop3 or some other....i dont know and i shouldnt gave to know. I guessed imap -the alternative was to try and hunt around painfully slow yahoo - then it goes to a screen telling me all sorts of IT technical stuff that i neither know or care about. A mail app for geeks only.
Lovely but one L it to snag that makes this up useless for me if I attach a document to an email I must open it ;many time to modicum one or two details and most of the time to confirm that I att the right document. Add is it is a no go.
Love this app, have been using it for years now for my Comcast email. I just wish I could have push notifications. Any plans to add that feature???
Works great.  No complaints and especially useful for multiple email accounts.
Wont send emails out! Now since upgrade has nothing but numbers and symbols  I will not upgrade again! Sucks now!
Works well, but it does periodically crash, which is a little annoying. I don't seem to need to do anything as a result of the crashes, just click on it and it runs as if nothing happens. Other than that it works well.
Incredibly undescribable
Good email app been using it for 3 years, no problems.
I really like this app but very often it halts in a folder while downloading mail. Only way to unlock is to kill the app. Very annoying
Hands down the best email client on the market.
Exchange doesn't work
Recently I am having a problem with emails displaying. they are fully downloading but not completely displaying on my screen. I'll try deleting all accounts and reinstalling. Love the program! Thank you.       Update :  Your latest update fixed the problem! Thank you!
Now it is compatible with lollipop
Can't really say more than that.
Does all you could ask for
Very good. Five stars app.
This is one of the best email apps out there. Works fine for me.
I don't have much problem with this app as far as checking my mail. It does a good job receiving them. But what really bothers me is every time I try to send mail it gives me the error "some messages not sent". Really annoying. I have to use the android email to send a message. Android email doesn't work good for receiving mail, that is why I got K9, but I have to use it to send mail.
i love it
This is a sane email client, does what it says in the tin very well, does not try to create a "unique new experience", just tries to be a good email client, and succeeds at it. Give it a try, it is worth it.
Solid stable email client I've been using for years. Highly recommended.
I have to admit, I was hesitant to take K-9 Mail for a spin because it's not much to look at and it didn't appear to offer anything particularly special... But whilst Microsoft Outlook may look pretty, I don't trust Microsoft as far as I can spit, so I decided to try-out K-9 Mail - and I'm glad I did! The everyday user will find that this is a fantastic e-mail client, while power users will be in heaven with the enormous amount of options and settings readily available... HIGHLY recommended.
Thanks for fixing the incomplete message display in version 5.005!   LG G3
Some messages don't display correctly, thankfully rotating tablet fixes this. Lollipop bug? K9 bug? Bug appears to be fixed. Hooray!
Love the new features and new look. K-9 works very well. 5 stars! And thanks for the latest bug fix 5.005. Now it works perfectly again with Android 5
This app has been great for pulling my multiple email accounts together in one place.
Couldn't imagine life without.
This app was fantastic before the lollipop update. Now, I receive only errors when fetching mail from my POP3 server. All I get is a message saying "handshake failed".
It's  okay
Loved this app until the last update, every 3rd email will not display correctly and they are only plain text.
Does not work with lotus note mail.
Solid email client
Hi
Unable to view message completely sometimes. Page has an issue displaying full content. Just shows part of it.
K9 is hands down, the best email client I've used for android. Always extremely stable, and customizable.
No more gmail constantly bugging my battery.
Changing font size caused text to cut off, appear incorrect size, or refresh while displaying. Fail. Samsung S5.
Awesome!!
Thank you
I often need to click on folders multiple times before they open. And emails often don't get displayed or only half. Need to keep reorienting my phone to try to get the full email displayed. (Where text is supposed to be, I have a white screen) Running android 5.
Great app I manage multiple emails with this program with ease
Good..
WAS 5 stars. HTC one m8 stock. After update this app is broken. Crash when opening messages. Crash when sending email.
Google play
Good
Great job...
1. There is no info where I am. 2. I want a global setting for storing mail. 2b. I WANT A GLOBAL APP PASSWORD! 3. Same for number of mail to scan for. 4. Same for other settings too. 5. The app is badly structured. 6. Half an hour ago I had to reboot my i9195 device to make K9 stop syncing. I don't want auto sync. I don't understant what the f*ck the app is doing. 7. I almost really hate it.
Dream
Doesn't connect to Microsoft Exchange email servers. Terrible interface.
Fatal socket timeout error. Only on one account at a time but support say no problem. .. if they dont care about a problem that is repeatable and proven to not be a network error then I don't care either. Bye bye to what was a good email client.
I have 2 email accounts that k9 seems to be handling quite well. No complaints.
#
The Web site says there are settings that I can alter but my version has no settings button or tab that I can find. The mail comes in on a black background and is very hard to read. Wish I could change it and they say I can but darned if I can find a way to do it.
The missing 2 starts were for no widget and no swipe to delete messages. You tick the checkbox to choose multiple messages to delete, move or copy. That is good. Overall it was a good mail client as it allows many customization where default Gmail app can't provide, such as theme, font size etc.
Bangladesh's
Most
On 3 of my Samsung s4s, I did the lollipop update and now the k9 mail does load emails in full.  To make it work you need to pinch and zoom into the email and zoom back it and then it works, please fix as soon as possible thank you
Now that I have Lollipop installed on my S5, k-9 doesn't display emails properly. Most of the time it shows them as blank. I have to return to inbox and reopen the email 2-3 times in order to read the message. This applies to all emails that I receive.
Good
Older version had this option, but newer don't. My accounts are already getting close to 100mb of data and it would be nice to compact them like before, or maybe some clean up function ?
Best android email app. Love it!
WWE
Nice
I have been using K-9 mail for a long time now. It's pretty useful and light. However, there are some problems with syncing deleted emails. Also, often the entire email body doesn't show at the first go. This happens even when the message size is lower than the download size limit. Going back and opening that email often works, sometimes after multiple attempts.
Only displays a few lines of email text, this was not problem until Android updated o/s. Not blaming K-9, the Android update broke 2 apps on my Nexus 7, K-9 & AndroXplorer. But it will be up to K-9 to fix it with an app update...
Only displays the first 1/2 line of each received email. Note 4
But, given Kaiten's apparent demise and the code sharing between K9 and Kaiten, I now wonder how long it will be before K9 goes the same way?
Lol
Hina
Hafiz M.Amir,
Hey guys check your work before publishing updates.  Apps running a little glitchy
Very slow and stuttering since update
Recently this app hangs on sync. Sucks the life out of my phone and will not work without a full phone reboot. Sadly it may be time to find something else which saddens me greatly.
Yesterday the app started crashing on both my phones. I cleared the apps data and cache, but adding my imap account caused the app to crash again. I think k9 has a problem reading a few thousand mails? Maybe you can check this?
Loved it
Nearly perfect.
I wish it supported printing
I love it. Use it and recommend to all.
The only other program that works as well with all my email accounts is Claws-mail
Most efficient and feature-filled, reliable email app for Android. Been using it for many years. Never had a problem.
It worked well. Download and enjoy
Used k9 for years,  now it crashes or blanks out all the time.
Love it
I like it
I'm not sure what happened.  However the app is back to working.  Fetching my mail just like it used to. Thanks
Goood
Tapping the star on the right hand side in list view will cause the list to scroll. Also, progress bar when downloading an attachment would be welcome. Half the time I get the impression nothing is happening, and often nothing actually is...nevermind guys, switched to AquaMail, it's like moving from 2006 to 2015. It was nice while it lasted.
It's draining my battery.
Sometimes drops connection to server on 5.0 update
The worst part of getting a new phone or tab is having to add all your email addresses back in. I have a lot. With K9 I can back the accounts up, with a file manger I put them on google drive and then import to my new device. Only wish I could export directly to a cloud account.
Good
After update recently, I can't delete emails.
It's a silly detail, but as a whovian... I can see what you did here with the name :p Great app btw
I've been a K9-mail user for many years and it has served me extremely well, but in a post-Snowden world supporting reasonable and end-user friendly encryption standards is mandatory.  Unfortunately after many years of debate, PGP/MIME support is still missing from K9-mail because the developers still don't reagard this as a major missing feature in the application.
Excellent service
Nice one
Nce
Suggestion - please create an option to Exit/Stop the app without going to 'Running Apps'. But when network is UP it starts again. So please consider an OFF/STOP option and to stay that way unless we start the app again.
great
muaa.o2
It doesn't work at my official mail. Always show failed and don't set the mail.
I've used this email app for several years and it was okay. But lately on my LG G3 with latest android update 5.0x it is very slow opening and displaying my emails. When I open an email the contents don't display right away. It sits there for awhile and then the contents pop up finally. Sometimes it doesn't display at all until I scroll to the next email and then back again to force it to reload. ALSO annoying flaw is that there doesn't seem to be any way to restore deleted emails if you deleted by mistake!
Works flawlessly
Faiz Raj
Works great, but disappointed that developers won't allow it to be moved to SD card.  5 stars if you can make that happen.
Supports multiple accounts ;D
If you have a slow CPU and not a lot of memory, or if you just like to do a lot of switching back and forth between programs/tasks, K-9 is the lightest and quickest. Or if you have a fast device with a lot of memory to spare, K-9 is best in functionality. And it's FREE. With NO ADS. Ha!
Love
Can you make sync server deletions only effect current sync period. I want to initially sync all. Then reduce sync period to today and enable sync server deletions and want to still have all my mail offline too. This will save my data plan.
Abdullah
Used k9 a long time ago and felt it had promise of being really good. It's there now, this version is awesome. Kudos to the developers.
After some update it does not work the same
Not downloading all mail and notifications not working after lollipop update. I note others having the same problems.
linsky
 !   .
I keep getting null pointer exceptions and it erase my email because of this !  No response from the developers. BEWARE!
Works
Trying out the app before i decide
I'm using xperia z1. The only problem is the 'star' is too close to the scrollbar on the left. This make me scroll along my mail list when I want to add 'star' to a mail. Otherwise the app is the best mail app I have tried.
Description
Superb
This app cannot handle lollipop!  The delete from server does not work causing me to delete again from desktop system!  Cannot flag emails as spam,  but continue to check site.
I loved it
loving my world
but...all my emails marked with star keep disappearing after one day. Why? I thought its permanent marker. Fix it and you've got 5 
Best
Haven't used the app yet, but 5 stars just for the Doctor Who homage.
Excellent
This is a good, but not great, email app. The fact that it's open source AND free is why I use it. UPDATE: Oh hell no! It's eating emails... Basically it doesn't sync properly. Now I'm afraid how much could be lost due to it.
recent updates have stopped push email from working. imap server on virginmedia. Samsung stock email app is fine. Galaxy S5, android 5.0
Mp
no option of using office365. only imap, pop3 and exchange server option is available and none of them works with my company email. Not useful for me.
I love this app but recently I have had problems where different emails, html or text will show as blank messages. Sometimes I can quit the app and go back in and it will show the email and sometimes it won't. I have had problems when I am on Wifi or on mobile service. Only common denominator is K9. :( I will change once this gets resolved as I have full cofidence that the will fix the problems with the recent update.
Well done email client. Better than the other paid solution. I use 3 IMAP account and never had problem.
I cant receive mail anymore? Can someone fix this? This is the only school approved app for .edu mail
My galaxy note 4  android 5 won't  install it
Working with outlook, office 365, gmail, Yahoo and other IMAP providers. Just needs improvement in MIME
add support for exchange EWS
Really like app, can display msgs and headers exactly how you want to. Biggest problem is retrieving gmail headers is slow and hit n miss along with viewing emails often will not view. Has great search function, but yet again is not reliable when searching gmail databse.. Pls fix these problems. Can be 5 Star.
Very customizable. I was able to turn off the stupid looking colored balloons next to each contact! Who wants that? This is my business phone, not my 3 yr olds The font size is adjustable for each and every section! Brings mail from several accounts into one stream if you want, which I do. Can select multiple emails at once for deletion. What drove me here was Android on my Nexus 6 forcing me to use Gmail. Not a fan of it. Delete one email at a time? Are you crappin me? I think they pioneered the new terrible look of flat 0 definition graphics with very ugly colors. MS followed as did most other like lemmings into the sea.It's these fat coke bottle glass nerds designing this crap. No artistic ability or creativity left. Like designing these new phones that need braille put on to find the buttons there so thin and flush. I'm done! for now. But this mail app is perfect!
Cannot access Penn State email since the update. I don't understand why and this needs to be fixed.
Super app
It is not perfect, but how come a basically volunteer  effort produces a  much better email app than multibillion dollar corporations can?  Gmail,  etc,  be ashamed...
I'm not sure if it is because I have Inbox and GMail installed as well. But when I delete messages from a folder it will delete, but on next poll the messages show back up in the folder they were deleted from.
3-29-15 Stopped working. Constant notification of a Negative STMP when sending msg. Great app what happen?
Have all the features I need.  1 thing I don't like tho. When retrieving my mails from a IMAP server,  the time and date shown is the current time, instead of the time that the mails actually arrived at the server.  Hope there is a setting where I can fix this.
1. Gmail no longer allows newer accounts to use k9 because of security features lacking. 2. Can't i make the account colors black or grey anymore
LiKe
Exelnt
Does not work with outlook.
I delete my mails but after a while they are back. It seems they aren't deleted sometimes on the served. Why?? I checked that it should delete directly from the server. It is very annoying to see my inbox filling up again after 1 hour. Please any help here
I used to use this app all the time for my email needs. Its great except now that I got a smart watch a few months ago, k9  does not give the option to delete an email on my watch. I probably need that more than mark read and reply. so I'm stuck on cloud magic until they could add this feature.
I have been using K9 for over a year and love it!
I've always loved K9mail.  It worked flawlessly until the recent update and now it won't work with my university's server configuration (Penn State).  Useless until this gets resolved.  : (
Nice
After my purchased Kaiten app broke on 5.1 and continued to have email rendering issues, I tried this free app and it's everything that I used to have, but working better on the latest OS version without the rendering issues of the past. Very satisfied thus far.
wow  very nice
TNX
Ok
Can't handle a simple gmail. Crashes upon checking credentials. Android 5.0 on Samsung S5
Works
I have 10 accounts and the app is just way too slow. Every click I make I have to wait 2 seconds before it does anything. It's so slow and laggy :-( such a shame. I would happily pay for a fixed version
One of the best email client ! Please provide ActiveSync support.
The best mail app
A truly aweful email application.
A few issues. It appears to stall often on gmail and requires killing and restarting before it will finally pickup mail from the account
Amazing!
Works fast on my GT-N7000, no bugs, much faster than gmail or any other app.
It takes up to 4 or 5 minutes to open the body of a simple email!  Ever since Galaxys5 Lolipop update its almost unusable. Are you working on a fix? Is there something I can do on my end? Was 5 stars and now 1. Please help.
Great email client for all android devices
Didn't configure automatically straight away. Possibly works but who has the time when so many apps configure first time
Updated review 3 to 1 star.  These flaws grate on me every time I use k9. Just copying text is a lesson in frustration and if you can manage to do it, you can't paste it anywhere! Want to add an email addy to your contacts? Good luck. Manually typing it in is your only option.  I don't understand why, after how many years, you still haven't incorporated/improved these functions.  I give up. You're never going to do it. I found Type Mail now. Sooo much better. What a relief to not fight my email app.
Wish they could better the UI though. Otherwise, a very powerful client.
Have never been able to setup this app. What address is it asking for?  No matter what address I enter it won't work. If the app needs a pop3 address why isn't a drop down menu provided since it's the same for everyone using gmail.
This was a great email client,  I needed something that could send plain text when needed, but html the rest of the time. In the last couple of weeks it started to hang up when checking mail and when scrolling through a mailbox or even in an email.  I keep getting do you want to quit the app isn't responding messages,  in rapid succession.  I had this on my old device and have it on my Samsung Galaxy S3 now. I am about to ditch it, especially since I don't need plain text anymore.
My favourite email app all it needs is a WiFi print option or save to PDF
k9 keeps your ID inside the app, doesn't add it to the Android's account space, in other words no other snoopy app can see and misuse it, wonderful
No 'mark as spam'
Says incorrect password?
Tried logging in with Gmail (why isn't this automated?), get an error message with the plain error message. No formatting. Error States that I need application specific password. So this app cannot handle two factor Auth. Bye.
I have used K9 for several years. I got very excited when Microsoft release the new Outlook Preview. It is slick, and extremely user friendly. Pretty soon I discovered all that looks good is not necessarily great. I don't want to write about that app here, but I evaluated everything from Mailbox, to the new outlook, to the most recent version of Gmail with combined inbox. Honestly, I keep on going back to K9. Nothing beats the flexibility and functionality. It may not be the 'sexiest' UI, but hey, it really does everything I need and more. I manage multiple accounts, - including IMAP.
I have been using this app for years and have had zero complaints. It is very feature rich and visually appealing.
I have tried so many email clients to organize my Gmail, Yahoo and Hotmail accounts, this one is by far the best. This may not be the fastest, but no other app comes close to the options this one provides.
K-9 just works, period. There is nothing else to add, really. It just doesn't disappoint and I've been using it for a couple of years now. I highly recommend it.
Latest version makes my phone lag and overheat..pls fix this then I'll give 5 stars..thank you
I disable the builtin email app and Gmail app. This is the only one I use for everthing/account
Havebit on all devices
I like the fact that it deals with gmail push email as well as third party PGP addons. IF you want full gmail style conversation views where you see your own sent email with their replies, go into the settings and set the "Sent" to go to the inbox, else all you will see are the emails that are sent to you and you never see your own replies in the conversation view.
wow, better than myMail, yet has AUP addon, so two reasons to use it, and think il keep it
Love
Arif khan
K 9 mail
the best
I like it
Thank you guys, its an awesome app
Pretty worthless when it won't take the emails I have been using for years.  Defeats the purpose of the app.  Funny, they all work with the iPad and iPhones, no problem.
Loved this app previously. Now prevents Xperia Z1 entering stamina mode
Its liked
I had went back to the stock and Gmail apps for a bit but now I have come back to K9 and am now questioning why I ever left, great app.
Get an error during update on Nexus 7. Cannot figure out how to post bug on website. Will rate 5 stars after successful update.
This all worked fine until my employer switched to Office 365. Can still read email but not send. Disappointed.
It's very good
Powerful, easy to set up and use, far better than any other mailbox imho. Top work devs
Glitchy,  with deleting messages,  but a small price to pay...issues on k-@.. are worse... So many email apps.. This one does everything I need it to, for free ,and does it well... And without. Ads.... And compromised security like mymail.  Leaves my messages on the server when I delete from the phone... Works soso with cloudprint.  I have ten or so email accounts and I can't waste time with buggy crap. As far as I can see,  nothing compares to k9.
I really like the simple design. You can view multiple email accounts at once. However I wish this app have a selection when you delete email if you just want to delete the email on the device or both on the device and serve. I usually opt for the first one because I need the get updates fron emails as often +fast as I could and when that's done I don't want the thousands of emails weighing down my phone.I don't want to delete them forever in case I'll be needing them in the future. Pls consider adding this
Followed all the instructions in manual and cannot set up gmail. Cute app but useless.
Best functionality. I just wish the appearance wasn't so outdated.
I have wrote many times but no body pay a interest over this issue
May seem petty but that is a deal breaker for me.. 99.9% of the crappiest of crappy apps allow you to customize notification... not this one.
I really liked this app and would have given it a 5 a couple of months ago.   However something happened and it Uninstaller itself and when I reinstalled it, I couldn't get my AOL accounts set up again.  I keep trying to remove and set them up again   without any luck.  Hopefully there will be another update that will correct this.
Good
Powerful email client. I highly recommend this app as an alternative to the native android app, which is super basic let's face it. Although I guess K9 is only really useful if you have multiple email accounts of which some or all are not GMail accounts.
I didn't manage to save attachments on SD card . Apparently on Android 4.4 third party apps do not have rights to write on secondary external device -SD card. That is why all of the mail clients have this limitation - except google-made of course.
Shows all folders and subfolders as 1 long list.
Easy to use and very smooth retrive and send email...
After android update some messages do not show on screen. I get a tiny line to see. If I hit reply I can see the full message. HTC M8 Verizon
This makes it unable to be used with OrBot service which would be a huge feature among other mail clients for Android.
Unable to link exchange server.
I have used this email app for years now. Used it for the first time on the original Moto Droid, now using on LG G3. This app works better than any stock email apps that come on your phones. App keeps getting better with each version, absolutely love it! Will continue to use it for many more years to come.
Super
Best free mail app by a mile.
Please add filters/rules so I can set certain emails from not downloading, or specify which to download. Also world love to see an option to check mail automatically even when sync is disabled. Thank you.
I've been using K9 for a long time now with no major complaints. I love being so in control with the variety of settings. Only 2 things prevent 5 stars: 1) IMAP accounts often report old unread messages as new and throw notifications. 2) Without the ability to copy settings from one account to another, setting up new accounts just how you want them can be tedious.
Uninstalled since it won't push notifications.
Good app I have it on several devices,it desperately needs a save/copy to function, I find it hard to believe I can't do this!,and sync to other devices,starting to look very dated . Just stopped getting new mail !
Does everything I need it to. Works beautifully with OpenKeyChain. I use this for all my mobile devices!
Used to a very solid app for years now it crashes all the time and lots of problems sending mail. Its a shame, something changed with these guys.
Love it
I've been Using k-9 for years.  Biggest issue is it won't save attachments to the device or sd card.  Worked for a bit,  then stopped working with later releases. Other than that major issue, it's okay
Works almost fine on 5.1 now. It sometimes displays emails completely blank, but it scrolls as if the content was there.
Thank you
I've been using this app flawlessly for the past 2 years for my Penn State webmail account. Then on March 3rd, I suddenly stopped getting mail. Tried uninstalling and reentering settings but it said it couldn't connect. Help please. It might be the update for the OS on my Galaxy s5.
Ok used to sync my mail all the time but somewhere in a recent update it forgot hiw to and I can't make it sync automatically. Just sits there waiting for manual sync please sort it out.
Normally love this app but the new update is horrible. My mail won't load and then says connection error. Also when retrieving mail it just keeps saying it's retrieving but never retrieves anything. Please fix!
Simply the best mobile email client I've ever used.Take a bit of time to configure then, it's wonderful.
Super customizable, yet still easy for the novice user.
The box to the left to check off emails is gone and I can't add my AOL accounts. I get error messages when trying.
I've used this mail app for every android I've owned. Best one ever!
Nice
I have been using this for a while and i find it relatively better compared to other apps in the market.  activesync can be made better
A++
I must go into the site and touch refresh to get my messages.
v5.00 is great, but there's worrying complaints about v5.001 & when I updated my inbox many messages disappeared even after [load more]. It's also available on F-Droid market with older versions too [v5.002] felt flaky [v5.004] trying now...
Very nice and good.
The two email accounts I have successfully coupled with K9 look great and I love being given the option to delete trash in bulk.
Love
Nice one
Functionality is really great. The cosmetics are not quite as great and it isn't the prettiest app out there.
There doesn't seem to be anything wrong. Five stars.
I think would be great if you could create folders and move mail into them.
User friendly and gr8 app
I've used this app for years. It is the best open source email app for Android.
Better then older one
Cant find where to add a 2nd account. Cant change the server type of an already created account. Couldnt for the life of me find where to delete an account..uninstalling and cant believe people are so impressed...or perhaps I expect more as a systems administrator?
Trying to fine out why my sync is disabled?
As a fan of Tom Baker's Doctor Who in the 70s, I loved K-9. So are my first impressions good? Affirmative!! 
Great
I've got it working smoothly--polling and notifications included--with Yahoo, Outlook, and Gmail. The only major glitch is that I can't get it to work with Tesla Unread. Pro Tip: If you're using 2-step verification, don't forget to enter your app-specific password.
Always excellent, and get fixes really fast :-) thank you!
Google, Yahoo, home, work - everything is at my fingertips.
I have always used this app on my phone and is very good, no problems at all.
They fixed the server issues and continue to keep it a stable email app. Does everything I need it to. Thanks for making a great app!
Best email program I've seen in a long time.  Easy to setup accounts and use
Keeps all email accounts together in one place, easy to organise.  Would be nice to be able to share an email to another app like Evernote or save mails as eml files
Everything is ok but please, change this awfull dog icon to something more mail-like..
Best mailing app
Yep. Fixed crashing after updating to 5.2 or something. Back to normal
Works well for multiple accounts. Can set notifications/polling for each individual account. Can export all account settings to a new device which is very convenient if managing multiple accounts with different domains. As good or better than any email client I have used on any OS.
Hi its great
need spam filtering but was the 1 of the only email clients I could find that allowed you to select all messages and delete them at once. Update: it's a year later and K9 still holds the crown for features, compatibility, and performance. Update: vicious bug with 5.1 Lollipop-selecting a message (or messages) crashes the app! The dog walkers fixed this within a few hours. Wow!
So easy to check email on one app.
Simple, easy to use, multiple accounts, FOSS, low memory footprint. What's not to like?
More precisely I cannot see a subfolder in my mailbox from K-9.
Works well with pgp (AGP) privacy keys.
This is the best email app ever.
The latest version (5.003) is great. It's fast, doesn't crash, and works with Hotmail (you just have to know how - I found out from other helpful people.) Heartily (as opposed to hardly) recommended. :-)
Everything I need !!
Due to its dark theming option K9 is my goto android email app. Unfortunitely on Android v5.1.0 K9 force closes anytime one or more emails are seleted from the left side list (check box). All other funtionality appear to work. This is true both on my Nexus 10 and 5 now that they run Android v5.1 while K9 did not have any issues with Android v5.0.2, hopefully this will be fixed soon.
I love it
Does not allow me to assign a signature to my mails. It only allows text input. In Gmail and other apps I can sign a scanned pic of my signature.
By far the best and most complete mail app I have come across. The ease of use and the ability to customize every little detail makes an unbeatable combo.
It does multiple emails account and you can set up each account separately also have it leave email on server or have it deleted and transfer your settings
Very good application, simple and easy to use
Bad UI
The email app itself does what it is supposed to do, and does it quite well. All I really have to say that lacks in this app is material design. I know this project is open source though, so perhaps someone will step up and commit code to change the UI.
Would not authenticate at setup. I no longer waste time with programs/apps that don't work. It's the Programmers job, not mine.
Thank
If this doesn't work exactly how you wish it to, then you haven't configured it correctly. Perfect email client for my tablet
With the lollipop upgrade emails will open but no message. Open it a 2nd time the message appears. Frustrating
No words to describe
Great stuff
No
It is one of the most convenient mails as for interface and functions. But although I have the latest version stating that it has no longer this bug, the certificate error continues to appear. It does not affect the work of my mail, but still...  Waiting for the next update.
Handles IMAP-Accounts perfectly. At the moment, there is a small issue, that messages are sometimes not displayed until you open them once again...
To me, this looks very much like Gmail's app, but then the ui is totally different. I'm not the biggest fan of Gmail's looks in the first place, and the extra confusion just made it not worthwhile. I love the K9 pic; it reminds me of Doctor Who, but I still had to uninstall.
The email text is sometime not completely visible instead it is contained in 1 mm high scroll window which makes impossible to read the text. Please fix the issue and get 5 stars.
This was a great app but it is now running extremely Laggy since upgrading the LG G3 to Lollipop 5.01
Used to be able to get aol mail now it will not work with it
Best mail app. Better even than the factory Android app, or official apps from providers as Gmail and Hotmail.
Most compatible and easy to setup mail client.
Lacks S/MIME feature.
This is the best email application I've ever seen. If your server is imap which support IDLE command then the push email is working like a charm just like push email on blackberry! Lack of local folder for saving email locally.
Not worth trying..
Use with AGP app for encrypted emails.
Would give 5 stars if supports samsung multitask
It's always happens that I have to search my newly arrived emails deep down in the postbox. The order of emails are not correct.
And no gay Fisher Price Windows8 or Apple interface. Keep it up!
Loved it
Great light app that's smooth and effective. Had Outlook before, but it was so slow and buggy. K9 would be the ultimate app if only you had the option of compressing pictures when attaching. Emails become way too large when attaching pictures uncompressed. Please can you add that feature?
Work nicely. Thank you for the pgp integration.
I like it.  It might be a little too complicated for the average user, but for someone who likes to control setings it's fantastic.
If only this application will allow you to set notification times for each individual account. As it stands right now you can only do this for the entire application and not for an individual account. I am a system administrator and want to be alerted during normal business hours of all communications but only wish to receive communications from my alerts email account when I'm asleep. this is a really big deal for me. I'm sure I'm not alone.
perfect at alla
Not a killing app but works fine and is open source.
sync keeps running but no new mail shows. Deleted mail still shows. App freezes until device restarts. Was a brilliant app but unless solved quickly i will have to delete and find another 1 without so many glitches
Seems really good. Just one thing, though. It would be better if it could use the Tor network. Also noticed it doesn't forward attachments. Galaxy S4
Email!
Ever since the update to Android 5.0 (KitKat) I've been having issues with K-9. The most frequent issue is that some emails don't display properly. The body of the email is only about a half-line tall. If I swipe with the finger I can see the body of the email scroll through the little half-line peephole. Sometimes if I exit the email and read it again it'll be ok. If I rotate the phone from portrait to landscape and back it corrects itself. I hope this info helps the developers fix it.
It is very good but the sent folder does not sync.
Very good
Why isn't there a option for PIN or password protection to launch the aplication?  Hmmm?  I wonder ... Is this feature being prohibited in the U.S.? Wouldn't be surprised.
Spent countless time trying to get gmail to work.  Keep getting errors. When you try to contact K-9 support you get a message that tells you that any message to that address will be ignored.  Only way to get help is through their forum and nobody replies.
This app is fast, stable, and feature-rich. One star withheld due to a bit too many account-specific settings instead of global ones, but that's more a personal preference. Totally usurps the slow, flaky stock email app. In fact, Android engineers should punt their app and use K-9 (or at least its code) for future OS releases. It's THAT good.
Plz help am not able to store attachments to my device. It says unable to save attachments to Sd card.
Any time I try and add a new gmail account, it crashes right after checking incoming server settings. Tried reinstalling and now I can't even set up ONE account!
One of the best email apps available, but too many unnecessary permissions.  USB storage? I'm not rooted nor carrying any OTG.  START AT STARTUP: Even Microsoft give more control.  I love it, my battery hates it.  I'll keep an eye on the change log and decide what to do.
The developers have really put great effort into creating a useful and powerful email app with more features and options than any other I've seen.
All my emails dissapeared this morning ????
Works great nevetheless its name and logo are quite stupid.
I love it just because it's open source and being actively developed. Didn't face even a single bug. GREAT JOB!!!!
The developer never responds to any questions/problems asked so pointless app if no support given
Free opensource software, no ads, very fast and useful, with lots of configuration you can edit. Very good support for gmail and other e-mails. Strong recommend! The best e-mail app for Android I ever tried!
Works great.  Exactly what in looking for.  Wish it has swipe actions for delete and archive.  Short of that, it's fantastic.  Thank you.
Tried it due to having at least 4 email accounts and want something to wrap it all in one. Just can't find a way to like it. Not sold on the layout and really hate the polling deal for notifications. I've legitimately lost emails when I should have at a certain time. Just can't do it. Probably good for others though.
Worked wonderfully for a long time, then I did an update and it started crashing. Uninstalled it thinking it might need a wipe (cache/dalvik/folder delete) but now it won't even run after install. Crashes on start. Shameful.
Doesn't work with Gmail and 2fa. Requires application specific password. No, thank you.
This was a 5 star app. It's now fairly 3.5 stars but going with 3 because it's definitely not a 4. The app is a battery killer. Not always, but some days I'll pick up my phone and it's abnormally warm and the battery life is unusually low. Then when I check my battery stats K9 is going bonkers every time. Otherwise it's a fine app but I can't afford to have my email app suck my battery dry and leave me without juice. FIX THIS! (Galaxy Note 3)
Can't figure out how to download files larger than say 50K.  I get corrupted files. These files open without any problems using "Inbox" or "Gmail".  Tried adjusting the settings to 5 Meg push but still doesn't work.
K-9 takes hours to send one picture and one sentance over a 20mbps+ connection. Abuses wakelocks which drains battery. Can't complete simple actions like deleting emails. Any mail you accidentally delete is gone forever because you "can't move or copy messages not synchronized with the server". Blue mail is faster and actually works! Don't waste your time or energy on this p.o.s
All the other clients may have plenty of bling, but none is as powerful. Would love some updates of the UI, but once you get used to it, it doesn't even matter any more and there's no going back.
Mail
Liked
Always been the best email app on Android but later versions became marred by display bugs. Hopefully these are under control.
Good
i checked my mail throuhh crome and i can see all my msgs but with this app,  some mails are missing.  pls fix
This app is good for managing your email. One of its strengths is being able to empty your trash in bulk. However one of my issues is that one of my email accounts will not allow me to send. When trying to set up, the application bombs. I end up having to send out another email account because one can not get set up completely.
No push mood (automatic)
man
It even lets you check email headers.
Can't see any of my mail. Everything says "No Text".
I used to love this app, now I hate it. With the latest version it freezes constantly and takes forever to load mail folders. It crashes and doesn't remove deleted items from the inbox until I exit and go back into the app. Sometimes only new mail is displayed in the inbox, other times all the mail with no rhyme or reason. Very frustrating since it was much better.
For use
I liked how it used 10mb of memory compared at others in the 30mb range. But it does not download the complete messages or pics. I have to manually tap on download and then wait. Sometimes pics still won't download.
Please add a delete option to the notifications please.
Works great
I like the app, but I receive an error message saying "Failed to send some messages" EVERY time I send an email. I then have to go to the Outbox & press the refresh button a couple of times in order for the email to successfully send. This happens every time I send an email. Every time! Btw, you're getting a lot of negative reviews from users. What gives?
Love the PGP signature support. Keep up the great work.
This was my go to email client on Android until the recent SSL warning issues.  Have uninstalled it and am using stock email for now as it works correctly.  Hopefully they fix the SSL issue so it recognizes a valid SSL again.
Issue 1877 is still present - please fix.
T
Update: Recently, when selecting one mail from the list, the another one opens... Fix it, please.        Overall, the best mail app. The welcome addition would be a single notification when checking multiple accounts via unified inbox and swipe to delete in mail lists. Besides, great mail client, keep working :-)
Like I said it works, a must have for droid turbo owners
The most kickass email app!
Works great so far
Not a bad app, but it is buggy. I frequently am unable to see my email, just a white box instead of the message. Sometimes playing with the theme settings will fix it but its not worth the hassle every time I want to check my email.
Been using for years. But these past updates suck. try it n decide 4 yourself
good
I don't know what all the rave is about. I can't even get past the setup screen with my gmail account. I keep getting a security alert.
Everything worked a few days ago, now I can't send any mail from any of my accounts although I can fetch mail fine
Always get a message saying that files are corrupted! But no problem to open them with other app
Ever since the last update I'm no longer able to retrieve the last 25 emails from my server. I hope you can fix this.
First-opened message suddenly doesn't display. If there are multiple messages, I can move to the next, then back, and it will then display. Started happening last week. Needs a fix ASAP. Samsung Galaxy S5 with Android 5.0 Lollipop.
Two words!!!  Love it
I don't like two inbox folders
Used to be good but it can't handle large emails any more.  Will they ever fix it?
Refuses to delete or retrieve from the trash folder. It will not sync to the trash (deleted) folder so I can move a mistakenly deleted mail and if I try to empty the folder, it does nothing but freeze. App used to work but now doesn't. Had to uninstall and reinstall
First links are not clickable unless the email was sent as an HTML email. It should recognize a link and allow it to be clicked.  Second, can you add rules so that I can sort incoming msgs to specific folders? Would help tremendously to keep organized
I cannot send messages through this app, have to uninstall then reset up. Then there is a 20% chance it will work. When it does work, the next day or so it stops. Also, sending mail through other mail apps works fine. HTC1
Omg
I love this email app.  I've tried them all and this is the best. Wish I could print emails though. Works well with my Samsung gear unlike other apps.  I would recommend  this to anyone.
Awesome! Thank you!
went over to Gmail for a while, like the newer UI. But it throws huge amounts of data on my limited dinosaur and even with that, is slow. Finally, too many problems with Play services so back to K-9. K-9's two stage downloading is most effective, quick, efficient.  UI could use a good update, but as-is, very usable and friendly.
It just works as expected. Using it for years.
best
Milk
Flying app
Have been using K9 almost a year now. Took a bit of working out to set up correctly, but it was worth it - ever since it has worked flawlessly. Using multiple email accounts, using IMAP Push with Polling turned off it uses almost no battery. Simple to use, easy to read, intuitive. The best UI of all email clients I've looked at.
It delets the mail from handset when deleted from server no option available hence need to uninstall
But where is the reply button?
this used to be a pretty good app however now it has issues could not get it to send email and created my account with wrong info. The only way to change it is by deleting the account. Actually I had to delete the app. This really needs  to be fixed. Samsung galaxy s4
What can I say? Does what it says and does it well.
Handy and smart
Excellent app, but logo is so nasty
Only app that seems to correctly support PGP encryption on android. Works just as intended. Very nice =).  The UI could improve a little, I really like what "Inbox by Gmail" and "Mailbox" are doing with the "reminders" or "later" functionality.
No need special requirements
This app performs well, A complete email client. Handling all email accounts IMAP and POP3, with PGP effortless.
This IMAP client is clean, intuitive, and feature-complete.
Great IMAP client!
A++++
G00d
Ok
Almost perfect app
Search capabilities are terrible. Searches don't load properly the majority of the time.
Unbelievable annoyances from the pre loaded android email app are now all gone. My business is now back on track.
The icon is ,,,,,
Don't waste money for a premium email app K9 is 100% free, and 100% Awesome!
Can't seem to get my university email to work on here, I guess i dont know what kind of account it is?
Just wish it supported threaded emails!
Being able to manually set the color code for each account. The color wheel is awesome but setting a manual color code can allow us to use a more specific color we want :)
Good
Lovely
It's very good apps
I use this app all the time. I'm able to encrypt my emails using APG. Great job guys!  Now if someone would just add support to use APG to encrypt files and attach them.
This is a great app. Much better than the version that came pre-installed on my tablet. You can have multiple email adresses, forward emails, (plus c.c. and b.c.c) and organise things in colour coded folders. I use it a lot for work and I would highly recommend it.
This app was awesome easy to use, reliable, etc until recently.   Now it wont delete emails on the server,  all the settings are set to delete from the server, the app just refuses to delete.  Maybe its the device or a new rule with the cell provider - - so  I'll give it 3 stars -- it used to be 5 stars
Been using this since my  very first Android phone, the Tmobile G-1
Use it primarily as an IMAP client for my business email.
Since the last few update, all it does is freeze up or crash. This was my go to email app for all my Android devices. Recommended to all family, friends and coworkers. Not anymore. Looking for a good replacement.
Love it
Super aplicatie
I manage figuring out how to add 2nd email account, but it wasn't easy. Not that this app does work on a Nexus 7 running Android Lollypop (5.0.2).  It's just that you have to manually add each email account you want to use like you did with the basic 'Email's app. It gets complicated after that if you want to add multiple email accounts.
But there's something I'd love:  Either give me an option to stop seeing notifications if I'm connected to a certain wifi network, or stop notifications on certain times. If I'm at home, I see my mails anyways, so hearing the notification sounds all the time is bothering and a bit pointless. I would love to disable them when I'm connected to my home wifi.
Good app except I want to have all my emails stored on my external SD card.  Yes, I know there's an option to store to the external card, and I have it switched on, but on my phone, internal storage is called sdcard0 and the external card is called sdcard1.  K-9 does not seem to be able to differentiate between the two, and, thus, over a gig of emails are being stored internally and taking up valuable space.  There needs to be an option to let the user specify the storage path.
This app looks nice if only my useless phone would install it.
The app works great, no complains at all. 4 stars just for that horrible logo depreciating my phone screen...
Downloads do not work at all. All files are corrupt
Hope for S/MIME support at some point.
Much Better than the stock mail app lots of customization and flexibility. Multiple accounts support .. keep up the great work
I like it ok (although sometimes everything but unread messages disappear and I have no idea why...they come back eventually.) Could you add a filter where I would receive a notification for emails from certain senders? (E.g. my boss)  Love having all my accounts in one place - thanks!!
It's great. I always use the conversation view on my Outlook, and whenever I replied via my Samsung default mailapp, it make a new conversation instead of continuing the previous one. However, K9 did this flawlessly. I just need to BCC my email so that I can download it to my outlook. I hope that the visual can match the gmail soon. Good job, K9 Team!
Very
Since android 5.0 some emails only display the title and nothing else. Need a proper fix for android 5.0
I was particularly impressed that this app allowed me to select specific folders for sent and deleted email, and didn't force the use of default folders.
Thankyou
Sorry guys. I really like your app, but until you fix synchronization problems with yahoo I can only give you 3 stars.
I'm trying to add to k-9 a new gmail I created couple of month ago, I made sure email and password are correct , but every time I try to add account I get this error msg  "Username and password incorrect. Command: authenticate plain response; #2# [no [ authentication failed  " etc...  , and I received email from Google saying they blocked access cause the app is using less secure authentication, and they did it so I be protected by modern security standards , and that if I allowed it I'd be easier to attack , please fix this asap
Geat App and no issues with IMAP
Lahore
I can't even put an email, it shuts down or close before the opening page
So much better than the native app! But sometimes keeps cpu usage at 50%
I've had this on all my phones and loved it. Installed it on my new Galaxy Light and it won't auto download emails. This has caused me to miss some important emails.I've tried emailing them but they don't respond.
Good
Does everything & is very flexible with multiple email identities & many behaviors configurable. Very lean in terms of size as well.
Crashes on Samsung WiFi only.  Works great on my husbands S5. Please fix...
That little Doctor Who K-9 icon. I like it.
Faultless app. Why can't all apps be this good?
I like K9, but I keep coming and going with it.  The only real problem is that server side search isn;t working with Yahoo.  It works with Gmail however. If this was fixed, I could just delete the rest.  Support unread notifications and fully customisable. I'll hold back that last star until Yahoo server side search is working,
Great email app, has all the features I need. Would be even better if it could link to HP ePrint directly.
Mark as Read from notification doesn't work, also, keeps hanging on Drafts folder.
Love it
so good!
best third party app for mail
Much better than stock app. But still will not save to external SD after update to Lollipop 5.0 on S4 GPe.
Functioning very smoothly now...Thank you
Great app, if you know how to configure it,you will never miss an email.
I am using it on redmi note 3g and its working better than the stock MIUI mail app as well as Gmail app
And it doesn't support spell check for multiple languages if one uses SwiftKey. Also, I recently have suffered increasing bugs - drafts getting lost, incoming emails cannot be displayed and currently there is an IOException in my inbox that has been reported multiple times now but always ends up not getting resolved. (I went from 5 stars to 2 and now to 1)
Lost all my emails last week,
Used for over a year but it never actually worked right. Using SMTP it would occasionally notify me of new emails that weren't there (usually after deleting emails). Using IMAP it would never delete messages from the server, even when flagged to do so in settings. The interface is also dated and boring. There are a lot nicer products out there to try, I ended up going with MyMail.
Very good
Nice & very handy app. ..
Best apps for andorid mobile
K-9 really is a brilliant e-mail client. By far my favourite. I do wish though that the Devs would introduce the ability to move e-mails out of the trash. A warning has been introduced upon deleting an e-mail and that is good, but when one deletes multiple messages, it is possible to make a mistake. Un-deleting would be most helpful, and I'm sure easy to achieve.
As the title described I have lost all my emails a week ago. No setting was ever changed. I even reinstalled to v5.002 (latest) but still to no avail. I would have given it 4.5 stars if not for this anomaly. I have been using K9 for many years and now this happens 
For some reason I have to manually seen my emails, i.e. I have to go into the app to see my emails. no notifications on my phone. the stock email app gives me notifications why not K9?
n
Main reason for not giving 4 stars: search works, but could be better. I'm conspiring this to Thunderbird on a desktop, so high standards.
I really liked this both for function and for nerdy whovian reasons, but lately my previously read emails are synching as new emails which is really annoying. I re-installed it but still happening. If they can resolve this, I'm happy to switch back!
Lighter than gmail and yahoo apps.
Love the ease of use.
Certificate error still appears from time to time... Moreover, some of the old mails (from 05.2014) are read every day. It is annoying :/
Hey
Plenty of options, love it!
K9 doesn't support exchange activesync, so I will try something else. This has been a terrific app whole my corporate email was on webdav.
thanks great!
Nice app & easy use
Only works 50% of the time, the rest is certificate errors! Been using this app for years now, but it's been a mess ever since the lollipop update, and it doesn't look to be improving! Might have to switch to another app :(
I really like K9 Mail, and bugs are usually solved quickly. Ever since the upgrade to Lollipop on my LG G3 I have the problem that some (quite a high percentage though) emails appear to have no body (except for a tiny, truncated line at the top).  I have to rotate my phone to force the screen to redraw, which makes the email render correctly. When I rotate the phone back, the email renders as it is supposed to. If I use the phone sideways, it happens just as well, so I still have to rotate the phone.
Lol Krazy but amazing
The best
Exiting from inbox takes me to folder tree. I would like to go to account screen with the unified mail inbox
Pretty fast, but the interface is clunky and obtrusive on the phone. Unfortunately there is no confirmation before send.
It might not be the prettiest but it's the best, and no shopping list of permissions to grant either.
5 stars when it works.  1 star if it doesn't work at all.  It works great 50% of the time..certificate errors the rest of the time.
I actually like this mail app. But when i wanted to transfer data to new phone there are no options and it seems the app data folders seems to be hidden from the user. So this app becomes useless to me.
Authentication issues!           :@
Would be nice if you could mark emails as SPAM. Sure, you can mark ONE email as SPAM at a time, but eventually that option disappears. This app could be great, but they've taken something simple and turned it into something overly complex that doesn't really work. Don't waste your time with this app.
nice
Like it a lot, but have an issue that sometimes only a small part of the mail is visible in the top section of the window. The mail scrolls though there but is impossible to read.
Good
Running very fast, compatible with all kind of mail services. The only weakness is that UI is not beautiful, but not a big deal.
If you could move mails between folders in POP3, especially for undeletion, this app would get 5 stars.
K9 is eating up 29% of my battery SGS5
Would open too many connections to gmail. No easy way to limit the number of connections it opens. Would frequently get errors when getting emails on other devices due to k9mail opening so many connections.
Please update to Android 5.0 Material Design.
Got 4 different email account and on every one I can recive emails but can't send emails on any of the accounts
Hace lo que la app estandar de correo no hace:acepta invitaciones.  Lo malo es que no permite adjuntar archivos desde el explorador
Great
... but sort the icon out!
Doesn't work with active exchange
Just about to uninstall, totally not user friendly and no sign of anywhere to mark email as spam so they get routed to the trash , waste of time . Sorry if the facility is there but you should make it easy to find and set up ie 1 click spam reject and remember .
Recent problems with blank email bodies. Downloading attachments can be incredibly slow, even with highest WiFi signal strength, near the router.
VERY powerful, extremely fast with imap, you can choose where drafts sent etc sync. Almost too many options to be honest. Power users will appreciate this.
If there's an app that should be installed more than others this is it! K9 is my most loved app. Works great.
Email client.
1 draw back can't download attachment automatically
M
Its an android app loaded with customizations for mails but no widget. Pass
Good app
Ithiyopiya inate lazalalam nuri hagare kurate kaa agari siwaxu anbete yagar bandirawa manafaqu arra sintu tararochu wanzochu arra sintu ima inate.
Faultless powerful client and its free. I do miss the swipe to next email though.
Good
Good
O
Nice app but there should be a download option in mail attachments. Attachments download options should be there for either download all attachments in wireless or in data plan.
I was expecting a host of features based on the reviews, however when it comes to actually writing emails, it's as featureless as the stock Gmail app (and without the pretty design). You can't format text - i.e. No bold/italic/underline etc. Not even some simple bullet points or indenting. In summary, you can write some words and you can attach a file. That's about it. Exactly what the Gmail app does.
Excellent app for multiple imap accounts
Good app
Testing only
Good
As of the latest update, I can no longer send e-mails through an SMTP server that has an unencrypted password logon. K9 sends a 550 error: User is unknown.
Simply beautiful.
Do whats right @ the right place
Something is hiding the text, like a white box. And the messages are getting stuck in the outbox folder
K-9 is installed on my LG Optimus F3 and is configured for an IMAP Email account and a GMAIL account.  The synchronization is flawless.  Emails arrive within seconds.  Polling is turned off!  K-9 is an app that you will appreciate more as you learn its features.  I've been using it about 6 months.  My opening page displays the two accounts where I can select all the Email, just Unread Email, or the IMAP folders.  Each account has a different Home key color and sound notification.  To be absolutely, sure K-9 was the best for my needs, I evaluated several IMAP Email clients for synchronization, usability, and most importantly, battery drain.  K-9 draws the least power which also includes the default Email client that came with the phone.  Take some time to understand the setup menus, and you will be rewarded with an Email client that will do a fantastic job.
Extremely configurable and feature rich. A material design update would be nice though in my opinion.
Io la uso, ma sinceramente ritengo la gestione mail un po troppo obsoleta.
Was tops. Now it's horrible, gonna give squeaky mail a try. Wish I knew enough to know why it sucks as of a recent update or something
The application is about me the best to manage emails: flexible and customizable. The graphic of the icon is very poor. My 5th star will be for it
Been using this app for a couple of year but since a month or so back I get "no text" in 50% of the mails
I have been using the app for a couple of years. I think it is great for anyone not addicted to implicit trust of providers like G and MS. Still room for improvements.
I like the new features
Waoow!!!
Best
I use this on all my phones and tablets. It has been crashing quite a lot lately but it's usually only once a week and works fine after that.
Crash after tap the next button to add 1st email account
Loved it
I have been using K9 for years but have recently had some small issues. On occasion all messages show as read but the header still shows 1 unread message.  Also id like to put in a feature request for printing. I can share to my HP app but it complains of unknown file type.
Perfect mailer for dealing with non-standard email servers. Tons of options for a nearly every configuration. The only issue I have is in printing via share. Mail with html tags sends as text to the target app. Please add a ''send as Image" or "Pre render" feature. Currently screen capture is the only (unoptimal) work around.
I can't believe I have not reviewed this! I have used it on my GNEX for a couple of years and it was great! I'm having a minor problem with notifications on my S5 but it could be me.
If you separate all the problems caused by particular hardware and Android implementations, you will see that this email client, though not perfect-because there is no such thing- has no equal.  With options such as:  Local and sync server deletions, Cc/Bcc ,Receipts, Cryptographic options, Message format option, no ads, power, control,  and much more.   All it needs is for you to learn how to use it. I have been using it for a very long time and have always found work arounds for the unexpected quirks generated by the ware and tear of its use.  Kind of feel like the stuff of a serious, powerful mail client that puts you in control doesn't it?  That is because it is, and it shows what dedicated people in the open source community are able to do for us. They deserve our admiration.   Excellent work.
Moamhmadaamir
someone please add a checkbox in order to choose NOT to use TLS V1.2... THANK YOU!!!!!!! (half a year ago updated to k-9 v5.0 and it blew my company`s email... no longer working... had to uninstall k-9, revert back to previous version and RECONFIGURE ~10 email accounts... each time I was updating all apps I was cancelling k-9, but now it got away... same nasty and shameless problem with ssl... noone cares...
Someone please add support for "DUMB EMAIL SERVERS", there are lots of companies which won`t switch from neanderthal systems just because they work.. updated k-9 again (this time by mistake) and company email is down... SOMEONE PLEASE ADD A CHECKBOX TO ONLY USE TLS V1.1
Good
Before the last update I would have rated this with a 5 star. Now I can only receive emails but not reply or send new ones. Please fix!
I do understand technical limitations implied and why this app does not support newer versions of Exchange, however it is really important to keep up with new major mail server releases.  Please add activesync/mapi support!
Great difficulty in deleting unopened email.  There's no help options
Its the only mailing app which provides me everything that i need on a mailing app
Tried but could not set up my account on kit kat 4.4 device but on the other device your app work fine. Please help. Thank you.
Fails to install on lollipop -505 error. Custom permissions conflict. Needs fix.
One of the greatest mail clients in the Google Play store
Love it
Still the best e-mail app out there. Add a Set Priority option (please, please, please!) and it would be plain perfect. :)
I love this app, best interface and features around.  However I sometimes get errors "sockettimeoutexception" and it won't send emails.  Not sure if it's verizon or host gator where my email server is.
Does everything Gmail can AND you can actually search your emails with it too! I have tried lots of different clients and found this is the best one by far! What others can't do, K-9 does!
Super
Utter crap, crashes all the time. Don't bother.
Sangat baik
Sorts, combines, keeps, fully customizable.
Served me well but now I need exchange sync as well.
Needs to be able to pick more than one address for the same recipient.  Needs to be able to "resend" a message in its original format in one or two taps.  Other than that, a nice client, but I absolutely need those two features!
Excellent app.. It does it's job better than any other email app.. Little unhappy with the design..
Good
nice
Waste of time only
Same as previous version. "Certificate error" message appears randomly. Place roll back stable version.
Good app
Nexus 7 (2012) using pop. Please fix. Thanks
Good but could improve.
Nice one dudes
Amazing
It's a good app
Works without fault. No nonsense app. Perfect if you want to get stuff done without leaving a mess in your yard.
Been using it about a year now. Simple and easy. Love it.
This is such a great and wonderful peace of software. Too many good things for this little space. Personally, the fact that the 'stars' feature is compatible with Thunderbird and Gmail, and selection of an 'archive' folder makes it a killer-app. Well done, guys!
update solved the attachment issues. one main advantage is that on kitkat it is persistent in the background which gives my mail updates even though it's killed via a app manger.
Nice
I love this email client, but I need a client that supports exchange as well, not just WebDav.
In the top notification bar we can quick reply or mark read without going into the app. An option to quick delete would be great as I get emails I already know I don't want but have to open the app to delete these.
Have been using this app for four years, would not want to miss it!
Simple effective email client.
Good and I used it.
Very good app. As a programmer I needed to have some special processing done to incoming email. I did it on the stock email app but had to compile the whole Android to get it. So I switched to K-9. Very well designed app. In a couple of hours I had the app modified for my needs and ready to be used. This tells a lot on the quality of the code. Congratulation for your great work!
This is the best mail client I have used. Been using k9 several years. Would like to see an option for material design since that's where everything is going to.
Loved it
I'm using this app for almost 4 years. It has almost everything. But recently, especially after upgrading to lollipop, it started to eat up all the resources. Drains battery and last month it used around 2gb data in the background. Hope this use will be resolved soon.
Waaw it is amaizing
More flexible and lighter than gmail
Does everything I expect and a little bit more. Has worked flawlessly for me over a series of five devices and with four different email accounts. Well done K-9 team.
Good
No issues with the application and have been using for more than 3years on various android phones.   Would be great if we can have an auto filter option available to filter important mails directly.   Please have this incorporated and would love to rate it a 5 star app.
Long time user of K-9 Mail to manage all my emails, great added support for agp encryption, I love it, beats stock mail clients and gmail without question. I believe it's also an open source project? Great for my needs and has my trust 5/5.
Great if you have multiple email accounts.
PLEASE, pretty please implement ActiveSync support, I'd pay for this feature!!! (if it helps).                      Pretty good Mail app, have had it for years, but are you planning on implementing Activesync support soon, this would make it the perfect Mail app ;))
I like it very much. But there is still room for improvement
Still amazing. Had no problems  with this app so far. Very fast and organized. Great soloution to the default mail client and much more functionality. Highly recommended.
Supports IMAP push, which is an absolute must for those of us who refuse to trust Google and similar big boys with their email.Giving it four stars instead of five because there is room for improvement. Sometimes seems to drop network connectivity and not reconnect. The configuration for how the various folders should be synchronised is too complicated and impossible to understand for mere humans. Still a great app, and there is no real competition at present.
One if the best email clients around.
Great
great email look no further
Features are amazing..Please improve the UI... Is it not possible to make it look like the new "Inbox by gmail" app ?
Very configurable but can get lost in all the configuration.
the layout of the composition screen implies top-posting even if you've configured it otherwise.
Very Nice Mail reading apps
I wish I could say it was not Google trying to force me into gmail with Lolipop that was the reason for me using this client again. Lots of options. Quick and no nonsense.
Easy to set up and use with multiple accounts.
I have been using this e-mail program for over 4 years, and it does everything I need.
Since upgrading to lollipop keep getting server certificate errors.  Go though the process to refresh and OK for a few hours then error comes back.  Very annoying!                                                                                                             Seems to be fixed in v5.002 update.
I've been using K9 intensively for almost 2 years, and can honestly say it's a must-have e-mail client.
Missing.
Great. Fast and very versatile))
The best email app
jedna se o vychozi emailovy klient ktery se dal vyviji pod opensource licenci, mam v nej vetsi duveru nez v gmail aplikaci. nema undo, backspace se zasekava.
Easier features
Earlier I gave this app a bad review because I thought it had bad support for bottom-posting.  Turns out that I was missed the "Sending mail" menu in "Account Settings".  Some things I'd like to see: 1) Something in the blurb on the Play Store that this app supports real bottom-posting.  2)  The /more/ proper quoted text prefix is "> ", that is a greater-than followed by a space.   3) When I have "Reply after quoted text" checked, it would be nice if I could see the bottom of the quoted text while I compose my reply.  Perhaps toggle between current behavior (composing on top, yet showing up on bottom) and this suggested behavior.
Ever since last update my phone has been seriously lagging, have to restart and remove battery several times a day. Clean master helped me to identify that this is my problem app. I hate to remove it as it had been great until now. I just hope there is an update soon. I can't stand what it's doing to my phone. Please update soon it's killing my phone!
K9 may be the best mailer on android, but that's a low bar, and the main reason I only use the phone or tablet for really urgent stuff. Not having hierarchical folder views is a throwback to the pre Unix days, not made for serious users. Also, K9 frequently hangs until some timeout, taking ages to pull in mail (I don't use push mail). Forcing stop and restarting makes it work normally again (for a while).
On did
Works without flaw
Very welcome on lollipop with the Gmail unification... Do what it have to do. Like the import/export option.
Downloaded the app mid-dec 2014 and it works great with my Yahoo mail account. I decided to try K-9 because my android defat email client was REALLY frustrating (deleted emails would suddenly reappear). Never had problems with K-9, and when setting up my account it was able to know the incoming/outgoing yahoo server settings.
Very lightweight compared to th stock email app or the gmail app. Customisable; and fast syncs.
The developers of this app did a great job. It works in the way I'm used to with Outlook, which is great. I tried a lot of email apps, and this one is the best. Thank You.
Why can't the developer fix a simple but annoying problem? I left K9 in July because of a major problemdeleted Emails constantly all come back en masse! It doesn't matter what I do, because every time I delete Emails, whenever new ones arrive, ALL the old deleted ones reappear. I delete them again; they come back again! I've given up on this flawed app.
I have been using for several years -has been great until a few updates ago. Now I can't delete mail from my trash folder and the folder has gotten HUGE.
Okay
Terrible ui. Setup interface is terrible
Very fast and powerful
Mkali ea
Bought a new phone tried to install it and cannot find in and outgoing servers. I know it's not me because when I connect it to other services it connects and goes right through. To bad they are not what they use to be.
The 5star is only due to the past. After 5.0update the push email does not work. Are you aware of it?
Does everything, and does it well
Good app, but icon is too ugly to live with, and I don't care about Doctor Who. Uninstall.
wyscut
cool
The app is constantly saying I'm getting errors due to the new Android 5.0.1 update.
K-9 is great for the way I use it, with several imap accounts and numerous folders. Even gets sent mail to the right folder on the right server. That's a lot of configuring, and then I make sure to back up the configuration. Restoring the configuration works beautifully.... Each time K-9 loses its cinfiguration it offers a button for restoring a saved cinfiguration and you get to pick the file you want to restore from. When it doesn't lose configurations any more then i'll give that fifth star. :-o
Great Client, but please add Material Design support! the official gmail app and email app have it so please add it. Or at least Holo. Gingerbread already supports both of them.
Just keeps getting better. Best way to manage any and all my emails, Ever.
I like it 
One of the best client
Good
Terrifying believing dizzy means cherished host
Cant set up any of my emailed accounts, not sure what happened
best mail app
Pls fix it.
Works great for multiple addresses and have no problems using it.
It's nice enough to use, but it crashes ALL THE TIME. Mainly after deleting messages, but at other times too.
Ilove it
I have been using K9 for a long time but the latest update has caused me to look at other apps. The biggest problem is a failure to auto-scan for new mail. It has to be refreshed manually.
Prahlad sahu
This is the ONLY email app to use
Its not working properly
I hope soo
Liked the way it displayed emails, received no problems, but can't send mail. Keep getting "Socket Timeout Exception".  Would have given it 5 otherwise.
Works with fuc all, 5 eMails tried 1 worked, didnt give option for iMap with working mail + terrible widgets goto mailDroid
Is there any reason why forward or reply options are hidden or placed in inconvenient places? It's like ever since Inbox came out Gmail and other email apps are following the same difficult UI to find simple options
I want it must be
Menus are not like manual, no folders, no spam button, move, etc
K-9 mail
I get emails six hours after the sent time.  I'm done
Bugs have been fixed
Can't get this to work with 2 step verification on gmail using the app specific password. I might be doing something wrong, but other apps directly support the two step process so l am moving on.
Updates\syncs waaaay faster than stock. Its good. Thx
K9 App has worked great for years and suddenly all I get is a "unfortunately k9 mail has stopped working" error message that repeats every few seconds on galaxy s5 that I have to force stop.  From reading comments there is obviously a major problem that needs immediate attention
Every 20 to 40 seconds I  get the 'K9 mail has stopped working' error.  I'll have to uninstall yet again.  Even re-installation doesn't help.  Too bad, it worked perfectly on my old phones.
Used it for years with various emails. Hasn't had a problem yet. Pin or pass protection to view mails would be nice. Do like its dark theme option.
Works good!
Been using this app for years, mostly because when I started using it, it was the best available.  I still like, it but want to see 2 or 3 additional functions to give it 5 stars:  1.  Swipe to right to delete (from inbox), 2. Swipe to left for additional messaging options (from inbox), 3. MS Outlook Exchange 2010 compatibility.
Greatt
So simple
Best
Small, fast, customizable, neat, user friendly, non intrusive, stable. But no spam control whic makes it half useless. Stay independent and thank you so much to all developpers.
I have used k-9 for years until the latest update. Now I get crashes when it trys to retrieve mail. Im exploring alternatives.
Vse funguje jak ma, naprosta spokojenost. Jako jeden z mala umi IMAP Push.
This worked straight away out of the box, very easy to use and highly configurable.
It's the best Email app there is,  period.
Another application that worked brilliantly and was incredibly versatile. but is now broken and so buggy that it's unusable. If you have access to an older version use that. Unlikely that the security compromises will hit you in the older version but certain that the new bugs will make you delete the app altogether. A real pity. Author: Do some basic testing yourself before release. Don't rely on your bug tracker. How did you manage to get such a brilliant app written in the first place with that attitude. Sticking to the older version.
Lot better than stock Android
Having issues with deleting emails. App shuts down almost every time, but emails do delete. First time using this app and would rate it much higher if they would resolve the bug. Sent countless reports in, but no one's listening.
Periodically, fills the inbox with old emails... Thus, reviewing recent mail becomes impossible. If you press "Load more", it brings more, Older" mails... Baaad.
top
Every since the last Android 5 update Gmail will only allow emails grouped in conversations. I hate that, especially when I have a ton of emails along the same thread...meaning get lost and out of order. Tried several email apps hoping to turn 'conversation view' off. K9 allows that. I'm a customer for life because they understand busy business needs
Thanks for giving app
Love
Have tried everything, reboot, reinstall and import from different locations! Unfortunately nothing has worked for me on Android 4.4.4!
Simple and complete. Easy setup of POP accounts. Checks the validity of the outgoing and incoming setups as soon as they are done. I found it much better than the dreadful Motorola email and GMail. No adds and free. Thanks to the developers. It does work with Yahoo POP accounts (it is necessary, as often with Yahoo on any email client, to check on the web which are the better ports to use: as they vary).
Does not work with Office 365 through Exchange protocol
Is it possible to set the app to require your password before it logs into your email to get messages?
Excellent email client.
Really like your app but I hate your logo !!!
App started force closing (stopping) today. Pls fix!
Use android 4.4.2 on Verizon/Samsung S3. Just started popping up crash window tried everything from clearing cache, data to removal and reinstalling, no change. Symptom, app starts, I could see emails in my in box, 2 seconds then crash pop up displayed.
 
K - 9 Email
email client.  WLTS composing with split-pane so as to have shorter lines to read.
Great happy holidays
Love it
Good
IMAP works properly, yay! Missing a mark as unread button though which is really irritating.
I would like to try this app but it won't install.
Best email client
Hi fb fri
TM :-)
Does what it should plus some. I love the encryption capabilities so easy with K9 and APG. I have used K9 for some time now and I have no complaints or problems.
Lame...
I've used K9 for about a year - mostly happily - but recently emails in my inbox keep disappearing. Time for find a new app.
5 kont u pieciu operatorow,kazda na IMAP przez SSL.Wszystko konfigurowalne wedle potrzeb uzytkownika.Stabilne.Na wielu klientach pracowaem, a tylko ten zosta na telefonie. Jesli tylko przebrniecie poprawnie przez konfiguracje,bedzie suzy jak pies ;).Naprawde polecam.
... as it was. Push mail not working proerly. Polling as well. Drains too much battery. Sorry.  Uninstalling....
greatest app for mail
I have several accounts both exchange and Imap it works great.  I really like the unified inbox
Nevermind.  It wasn't clear where to set the crypto provider.
This was a great email app until it was updated, now "it appears to have stopped working" which is rubbish. Now having to install something different as I need my email. K9 dog walkers, I think the collar snapped and your dog has run away.....just like your customers will.
Ishakaexample
Superb email app BUT no longer works after Android update. Support website too complicated for average user to report fault there.
Awesome
Becomes painfully slow after accumulated large number of mails.
Good app
The best mail app beter than the stock ones on every phone :p
I used it on my mini 3 n its very good
Much better than the pre-installed app. Handles threads and multiple accounts well. Settings are over complicated though.
K9 was the best solution (especially) for people with multiple E-mail accounts both on Android Jellybeans and KitKat versions. I recently upgraded to Lollipop on my Google Nexus 5 and that's when my problems started and only grown since. I perceive a general problem with syncing both whilst sending out and receiving mails. Also I mostly get mails in clusters and that too after rebooting. Some mails, I fear, get lost in transit. URGENT upgrade mandatory to sustain it's utility and thereby retain clientele.
After last update have been getting errors. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still getting errors.
Atatchments do not attach, says they do but they dont, try to set folders for storage and tells me browser not found, its just so buggy, not impressed at all
Needs a UI update. But not full Material, this is a email client, low information density is not good.
Buggy, laggy and never loads all new emails. Crashes, freezing, and constant restarts bogging down my Xperia Z1. Sadly have to find a whole new email app.
Every 30 seconds it gives me an error message saying that K9mail has stopped. Even when it's not open. Makes the phone basically unusable. Uninstalling.
Didn't work with exchange 2010
Your email and Saturday at the same
Notifications enabled, but not getting any.
I do use POP3 so there is no archiving ability in K-9.  Archiving ("saving") to a local folder has been requested for over 4 years with no plans for implementation.  Goodbye K-9.
Was great before latest update. Now constantly crashes checking IMAP box with over 125 msgs.  Will start looking for a new app.
It was no problem with me for a long time. but I found K-9 is highest battery usage in my app recently. The changes for SSL cache on 5.000.1 may affect to he battery? In anyway still good app.
Frequently fails to send replies. Things sometimes show up in inexplicable order. I like the capabilities and orientation of this mail program, but...   on note 3
The only e-mail client out there with an option to save mails to external storage.That's great guys,you rule,love it. Still I don't see the reason why you don't put any effort into creating some useful widget (really not a great deal) so that the app could be used in a splendid manner... I'd even pay for someone who does both of the things(sd card+widget) still ...
The interface of this is simple to use but on many emails i get a blank page and a connection error message at the bottom; when i open the same message with another email client, they open fine, so i am uninstalling this.
Looks good...if it would work.
Easily configurable yet still has many options.
Don't work
uninstalled
Excellent mail client. Works as advertised.
I work off line most of the time and found that when I go online some of my messages waiting in my outbox don't go out. I have to re-send. Rather inconvenient since sometimes I don't know when I get signal and later I see my messages didn't go out!
Hi, please help me how to sync email which sent from pc (web and/or ms outlook) ?
Since last update I cant send any emails.  This was for buisness so im forced to uninstall. Too bad, was good while it lasted
Use this to st phone email problems
Nothing comes even close. This is it.
Nice, Need to have following: Multiple signature options. Can create folders in inappropriate. Confirm delete in list view
This app was perfect for all my mail accounts due to the separate settings for each one. But for some reason (I'm guessing an update) the app just stopped me being able to send emails from my main email account.
This app is very good
Anconda dope my anconda dope unless you got buns hone
Yes, that's right!
Everytime when switching from WLAN to 3G or vice versa
Amazing
Like
Does what it's supposed to do, customizable & it minds its manners. Graphics are a teensy bit clunky.
Use to manage several Hotmail, gmail, and personal domain accounts. Only suggestion would be to include the account name when viewing a folder.
I have been using K9 Mail for years now and it was my favorite but I cannot log into , my own server. Please fix and let me know. I will give it a HI5
No support Ask you not to rate the app bur send a mail and you get NO support App keeps crashing and has made whole phone un useable Have taken app off and cannot re install
Good
Asad if love it
I've been through the settings several times and just can not find a way to sync with Outlook.  Wish you could add or change folder.
Installed one account. Never did find how to add another removed it i have pulled twisted jerked threw jumped on washed re installed and still cant find the magic spot to add another account had this app on another identical phone no problem
Nice
phyoe
I was contemplating purchasing the pro version of the email client I was using, then I saw this one.  The only thing I wished it had was an option to only poll for now mail over WiFi.
ggod
Good to see that this app has very limited permissions, not using my identity for making money like pretty much all other mail clients. Open Source! Handles my different imap accounts well. Would like to have links in mails clickable though, seems like a small feature to add.
An email app should have multi window capability.
Rj
Exactly as you want your email
Was great until latest update. Syncing is disabled, seems many have the same issue.
Turns out my gmail was blocking a suspicious login attempt. So far so good, though a suggestion of mine is to change the way to select emails. Swiping works, but is inefficient for large amounts of mail. When you click on the little circle, it allows you to create a contact. This function could be in the context menu, and be replaced with a way to select mail, because how often in comparison will you add contacts as opposed to select mail?
Garbage!
The best email reading service I have come across on android.
The options on this app are incredible. Beautiful... I have 2 issues though: (1) I still experience issues with server searches on Outlook. The mails that I seek are found, but not displayed. (2) Starred mails should be displayed without being limited by a time frame or the number of mails that I keep on my device. I keep just 25 mails on my device. If a starred mail is the 26th, it is dropped from the starred mail count and not displayed.
BB
Use it for years....
Thats an awesone apps for multiple account of email!
Love it.
It works so perfect, i like it
Nice apps...
Use it for several accounts on different servers
YOU CAN NO LONGER USE K9 FOR MULTIPLE ACCOUNTS. USELESS!  Latest update tinged the look of K9. Too busy! Ugh. More often than not texts come in reverse order, short texts are split into multiples unnecessarily, and longer texts sent are received in jibberish and cannot be read. UNACCEPTABLE.
Recently it is not syncing my existing (old) emails only new emails
In my opinion anyway. I've never felt a need to even try other ones.
I appreciate the "show headers" function but is there any chance of a "view source" function that would enable me to copy a complete email message? This would be so useful in reporting spam.
great app but huge problems since lollipop update on N4, asks me for certificate errors all the time, huge spike in data usage since last update. Please fix this, app is unusable right now.
I love having an open source e-mail client in my pocket.  If only there were a hook for Exchange ActiveSync.
I've used this app for years, until the last update. Totally messed up my email, I can no longer use this app for anything. If it ain't broke don't mess with it. Had to uninstall. Fix please.
Got a software update for Lollipop, and I continue to get certificate errors! This is terrible!
No password protection ask when opening k9 client.
It is far better than other email clients, have so many detailed options. I am Extremly satiesfied with k-9mail.
I'm a huge android fan and I'm on my phone literally 16 hours a day. The only thing I always missed about my iPhone 3g from 5 years ago was its beautiful email client implementation and today for the first time ever since, I've seen email working flawlessly on an android device. Period. The native gmail and email clients on kit kat including all patches as of Nov 21 2014 is really awful. I'm so happy I took time to search the app store and went with this email client. Cheers to the developers!
Worked fine, but all of the sudden just quite loading new mail. Same phone, same plan, same location.
BlackBerry level of email client
Great
I finally found a simple email app for my Android tablet. I don't need anything fancy. I just want to read my email, reply and delete them without a big production. This one allows me enough customizations but is still simple and straight forward.
I don't know where to start. I was expecting a working open source client and it's not. Threaded view doesn't work, configuration is a nightmare, but the worst is Battery life. I used to get 1.5 to 2 days of moderate usage out of my G2, now I get about 8h tops, without even using it!!! Keeps the cpu awake like a maniac (I'm talking tens of thousands of wakelocks, every day with only 2 barely used imap accounts). It's just not usable.
like
Lots of great configurable options. Have had only rare issues. Not as good as Gmail but that's a high bar to clear, and this is open source.
It worked for 2 years. Just crashed and will not  connect to server to recognize accounts. No gmail, no aol, and besides no reply button in landscape which was very annoying. Get mymail app or bluemail, both considerably better. K-9 is officially an obsolete dinosaur.
I use this app for my Hotmail. ..on Samsung Galaxy Note3. I really really like it....very reliable.  The only issue I've had lately is when I have a sent email that fails to Send and go through...due to wrong address or something. ..it CONTINUOUSLY trues to resend it just to fail. I have had to Uninstall app 3 times now due to this to stop that transaction from continuing.  Other than that I'm happy with it!
Fantastic app. Using it from a long time. Can we get jpg attachment preview as in Gmail?
Been using for a couple of years and had to reinstall and now will not connect to AOL mail.
As of 11/18/14 it is no longer getting email please fix asap. Ok i uninstalled the app, reinstalled and readded my enail accounts and now it works
Liked it
Le meilleur logiciel de courriel !!!!
didn't work with exchange
I've used this app for several years, but due to the latest update it hasn't worked with Yahoo for over a month so I'm sorry to say that I'm deleting this app for another email client.
Can't  delete from within an email. Annoying.
Increasing number of error messages almost daily
Does not Support Office365 Accounts  :(
Mahesh
Started using this in the days of donut, then switched to Google's own client but now that is gone I'm back!
This was my favorite email app until the latest version. The latest version crashes frequently,  so I found a different email app. Perhaps I will give K9 another chance. It was great when it worked.
Does not display any of my messages so useless
Perfect
Totally what I was looking for! Job well done.
But it doesn't include contact and calendar sync for exchange
It crashes every time I use it. It makes my tablet overheat. Can never use it more then 5 minutes until it crashes
That should change, after that 6 stars ...
Good
Good apps to received outlook email when we were out of office
Small in size and works great. Just the ui seems unintuitive and outdated.
Since updating to Android 5 (Lollipop), K9 will no longer send mail with my iCloud account. I get an "com.fsck.k9.mail.CertificateValidationException: Handshake failed" error in the log. My Gmail accounts work just fine***, but I'm fairly certain the problem is with K9 because the Gmail app sends mail on my iCloud account just fine. When it's working, this is a great app -- PLEASE FIX IT!  ***EDIT: it's started giving me certificate errors on my Gmail accounts as well now.
Configurable & unfussy. Great for multiple email accounts. Love the combined inbox.
Cannot get it to work on Samsung Note.  Default confirm are wrong and cannot be changed.   Good luck to other users.
Great app, but is there a way to use multiple labels for an email?
I've tried other clients and al be it they look pretty but they all have one problem,  they lack functionality,  I have not come across another program yet where I can pull up the headers. Sure you get a senders name but that's it, where's the detail, where did this email originate from? And that's the problem with every other program I've tried.
Fast and furios I hope richymad 44
K-9 is the client from hell, i can't even add my very first, email address to the client without it crashing, it's  the least stable client on planet neptune
Mais je l'instal quand meme
Works with all kinds of servers and bucks the trend of dumbing down email.
Pretty Cool App
Best app I've used for accessing all my email accounts on my Android devices.
Thanks
Doesn't work with exchange/outlook
Evite le "tout google"...
The only redeeming feature is that it syncs... sometimes. Hard to learn and I'm not an idiot. Moved to Blue Mail... MUCH BETTER. With k9 mail you have to configure the outgoing settings with charter accounts.
Thanks so much
I've been using this app for a few years now with my pop mail account. ( My provider does not offer IMAP ) A few days ago it crashed, and when I restarted it all 900+  messages were gone. Not happy about the glaring lack of a backup procedure for messages!
Confusion
Yahoo
Good
But now spins progress with nothing and hogs bandwidth. Not amused either. Can you roll back the version so we can have working email again? Thx
not working in mly fone.......
I have been using the app for a while and it is the best I have used. Two things I wish that it had: 1) swipe to delete like gmail and solmail and 2) access to a reply button when you are reading an email in landscape mode.
GOOD
Was excellent app. Latest updated broke outgoing email
Fantastic app, terrible icon. Please, change that... ;-)
This is the best email app I could find. Not the prettiest but functional. Plus: quiet time is a function that more apps should have. This is the reason I don't use the all new gmail app. Niggles: emails are often displayed in miniature font which makes them impossible to read. On some accounts, such as yahoo, emails don't get deleted when I delete them with the app.
K9
This is an outstanding mail client. I rely on email and K9 has never let me down.
Nice app but lots of wakelocks!!! Eats my battery!
Excellent mail client. For me ... the best 8-)
Best client, but recently google calendar invitations were not handled and cause error at moment of trying to accept.
Excellent
Looking at it
It worked great for a long time,  then it just stopped working.  I really miss it.
Nice and stable since last updates! Great simple easy mail app. Thanks
Sawa
K 9maik
Could not make any sense of this. Would not accept my Gmail credentials and the import setrings tried to find things in my google drive. Uninstalled.
When I installed K-9 Mail on my HUAWEI Honor smartphone, I never intended to make it as the main way of my email correspondences. But with all its main functionalities that serve as a push-email notification and a sender on-the-go, I was in for a pleasant surprise! A feature worth mentioning is a setting for all outgoing messages to be blind-copied to my own email address so I can always have them later filed in my Sent folder on my PC, making them no different from those sent directly from PC.
Left and tried a dozen other email apps, then came back to K9. Incredibly, it  seems to be the only mail app that can sort by Sender to allow for quick deletion of junk. Saves my attachments just fine.
I also see a significant (56%) increase in battery usage on ver 5.000. The fact it is being reported in ver 5.001 suggests upgrading are not going to fix it. The issues expressed by others make me think updating should be avoided at this time. The reply button does not appear in landscape mode.
Hi Team, Please release a working update asap. Since last update the mail is not working even with gmail.  Please the apps 5 star status :-)
Having problem with all the email you cannot reply.
Fast, full featured and very well laid out.  I prefer it to Gmail after the layout update.
Gmail just had a terrible update. I find K-9 is a really good replacement. My only complaint is the group conversations isn't working.
Doesn't appear to work at all, and that's just going to Gmail :-( Load 26 more just displays some error message which is gone too fast to read and returns you to the same empty screen.
Me
Setting up is a  pain and doesn't always work
Great!!!
This app doesn't have the high security protocols to connect to Gmail. You have to set your Google Gmail account to a less secure setting to let this app connect. If you do that anyone and anything can try and access your account without you knowing it. So don't use this app.
Since the last update, I've been getting certificate errors. It's not the host. Based on what I'm seeing here, other puerile are having the same problem. Unable to securely send or receive makes this app useless, sadly.
I am unable to set up my yahoo account .....
Best mail program available hands down. Would happily pay if someday you incorporate a Save folder. Great job.
MK.ROYALIST@SYSTEM.STYL
It would be great if you can add more "feedback" for the user. For example there is no information when a search result is empty. You could just state this or show a nice picture which helps to understand the case.
Likr
Works great with correct folder settings. Lots of font settings.
Awesome, easy-to-use
Doesn't forward attachments from IMAP server.
Despite having it configured to store mail on the SD card for some reason it still hogs the internal storage, even for mail that isn't within the fetch window. I'm unsure why, and wish they would fix it.
Much better than the stock email app
It's fast and the interface is nice & clean. I'll add a star when you add a MOVE function for moving emails between folders, or at least an UNDELETE feature for messages which have been accidentally deleted.
Installed this app, then immediately uninstalled it. The font in the In Box for messages was awful, not unreadable but poor.
Read what your USERS ARE SAYING Developer. This could be an awesome app. again.
Each upgrade seems to make it slower and more bloated, frequent errors and freezing issues are a daily occurrence
Drains a lot of battery on my Xperia Z3 and not as user friendly as other apps..
I've been  big fan and recommended k9 to many folks, especially for imap users, but the latest version has been deleting dozens of email everyday. Not moving them to trash or spam, DELETING THEM. Completely gone from the server as well. Even when delete from server options are all turned off. No longer can I trust the app.
What tha......
The latest updates fixed the freeze issue. Now it's just perfect. Love it.
I cannot send email!  It's there a problem with go daddy hosting?  Last update prohibits sending mail.  I have my own domain & Samsung GS5.  Please fix
Good app
Fantastic
Update: die letzten Updates der App haben alle vorherigen Probleme behoben. Email Abruf lauft jetzt gewohnt flussig, das senden sowieso schreiben einer Mail ist auch wieder human geworden. Was noch als generelles Feature wunschenswert ware: ein konfigurierbarer Spam Filter oder Regelwerk fur emails (vergleiche Thunderbird oder Outlook)
Several years ago I tried numerous email apps.  This was the best, now I can't send mail.  Why fix what's not broken? Do the same idiots that own tune in own k9?
OpenSource and Works fast enough even at slow speeds
I wished emails could be multiple deleted by selecting them and not having to scroll/open one by one
This app was dong wonderfully until last update.
Can't send email. Error logs, too many! This was the best until last update. Now I hate it.
It wasn't till I started watching doctor who that I noticed who K9 is based off of.
Excellent until last update. Now it will not receive new email, and manual loading take forever. Usually times out!
Fantastic. Thank you, developers!
Wouldn't stop syncing drained my battery
I love the interface and ability to customize every aspect of my multiple email account, but lately it's been hanging when sending emails which drains my battery and slow fetching emails.  Really want it to be perfect and will  continue to support developers because think this is the best
Excellent. Best for android.
An excellent email client, but it looks a bit dated.
While it does not have features like rich text message composition / signatures or a flashy appearance (thanks!!) it does the job that a proper email application should. Not only that but the UI is very intelligently thought out especially when it comes to multiple select-deletes, or forwarding emails, and it also easily allows me to send  a reply from any of my email accounts. It is also pretty lightweight and fast. After reading some of the reviews of problems after v.5.0x, I had to go and see what I had and I do have 5.001 which works just fine for me. I have maybe 7 accounts (2 of which are IMAP) and all get handled well. The 5th star will be given when it supports rich text composition (as an option) and when it looses the dumb dog icon - never did like that. Keep up the good work!
Attachment to mail especially PDF throw up an error when attempted to open. Not a great assignment.
Can no longer send or receive emails...authentication errors.  Worked great before, now useless.
With all the junk emails received and dodgy ones you don't want to open them to delete them. ***** Sorted that now thankyou :)
Everything is good and operating well, but i need a filter on my email, so i can automatically delete / move an incoming message to a specific folder. I will give 5 stars if this fiture available. Thanks
K-9 trashes the viewed message upon exiting the program without returning to the inbox folder first.  I kept losing messages to trash until I realized this was happening. Running on Samsung Galaxy Note2 with latest Android OS.
Just started using this in lieu of built in android email and I like it. I stand corrected from my earlier feedback. Swiping left or right does indeed select or deselect messages. How cool is that?!
Getting all kinds of exceptions and push errors showing up in "all messages" ever since update to 5.0  Update: Reverted to 4.803. Problems solved.
Ridiculous default signature
Great app (normally) and I use it for years but sense  last update I keep getting Errors sending emails from my ipage email accounts . This is normally a 5 star app but not anymore... waiting for a quick  fix
Nice easy to use program, but it keeps disabling syncing.  Changing settings and resetting the program doesn't fix it.
Overall good app. I have the folloeing issues though: I get 'connot send' send errors in a loop since I once had a send error, the msg ia in the notifications but it is too long to read and for some reason it is not in the app's 'error' folder. The other issue is that there is no way to select multiple emails, you eather select all or one. Implement it like in gmail's app pls.
Never had a problem, works fine with latest update on Kitkat Galaxy S5.
Ive used this email client for years..latest update is full of issues. Lost all emails. Seldom reveives them now. Very Upsetting
Full IMAP access.  Great. Problem?  Select all then Mark as read and archiving only intermittently works in my 5 different IMAP accounts.  5 stars if this basic must works properly.
Was a great app, used for over a year without a problem; latest update trashed everything - emails being deleted before read, each sync deleting the previous mails. Moved to blue mail. Times like this where I wouldn't have minded paying for the app to get better support.
Works great. Much better than stock email app.
How can an open-source, community driven, email app NOT natively recognize the most widely used protocol on the Internet? I swear humans are getting dumber by the day. It won't get fixed either. This project is dead.
Install this on all my android devices.  Great features and easy on the battery.
Great app. Just wish it had multi-window support for Note 4.
Was my favorite email app, just upgraded to the Galaxy Note 4 and I am unable to upload AOL just get a server error message. Looked around for a replacement but could not find anything I like as much as this one. Please fix
It's good, and free as in freedom, but it doesn't seem to manage connection errors and unstable signals very well: when it happens the checking mail notification doesn't go away
Was fine till last update
Can't figure out how to bcc any other way than default.
Cmon guys.. Please develop support for EAS. It is such lack of facility that gives open source a bad name
I've been using this app for many years & since this last update, nothing but issues. I also just got a new phone & can't even set it without an error!
Expected to connect to my company's Exchange. Instead: it tells me "Setup couldn't finish.Cannot connect to server(IOException)
Good app but too many problems with yahoo mail. Update : emails sent from k9 go to spam at the receiving end while emails sent from same account with different program go to inbox.  Tested this with 2 other programs.  Weird.
Samsung Galaxy S3
I have loved the app till now.  I get tons of errors that fill up the k9 error folder each day.  Get this so it does not show up and you will get a 5
The program demands I 'Update Outgoing Server Authentication: AUTOMATIC' whatever that means...
Nice email client. Just do something about that ugly logo...
This ap was absolutely perfect for me before the latest update. Now, it won't automatically download my emails and notify me, even having set it to do so for every 1 hour, and when I do download the emails I can't actually read any of them due to the constant 'connection error'  that occurs!
Auto configuration is poor, otherwise it is good
For 90% of my email, this works great using the dark theme.  But for one type, it just won't work (it used to, but either the app changed a while back, or the sender changed formats).  For example, I get email promotions from Fry's Electronics that has images for the special deals.  With this app, using the dark theme,  they are all totally blank.  I can click on one, and be taken to the web page via the browser, but that's a pain, and I can't even tell what it is first.  Using the light theme works fine.  I've tried both "show pictures" and "download complete message", but neither one works for these images.  I'd enter a bug report, but they make it too hard to do unless you know exactly what the cause is.  I can provide an example, but I don't know why it happens because most email looks fine.  It's probably something to do with the email source.  I tried another email app with a dark theme, and it behaved the same way.
By far the best mail app. Works with every email service I've tried. Rarely has issues, and is usually caused by poor handling of existing connection issues.
Love this app, BUT the past couple of weeks can't send emails. I can receive but not send. Maybe I need to reinstall... But I don't look forward to that! 10-26, still having problems sending or forwarding email...  I may have to switch apps :-(, I used to love this app...  Seems to be getting worse everyday!
Melhor programa de e mail para Android
Since the last update,  I can't send any emails out.  What good is having an email app that doesn't allow sending email?
Most of the features you wanted but thought you couldn't have.
I have been using this app for years, never had a problem until last update.  I have been fighting this app for data usage.  And every week it keeps going higher and higher over past few months.
Well after last update everything stopped working. After fiddling about, export settings, uninstall/reinstall import settings, still same probs. So uninstalled/reinstalled and set up accounts one at a time and everything is ok again. Still best mail app on Android!
Spam folder disappeared, app stopped receiving new email, and it gives an IO error for the inbox.  Not amused...
Wtf.  You just lost me over a 100 email.  Fix it
Fcs a lot in ICS
I delete emails in k9 and they keep coming back to the phone?  Driving me nuts.
Cannot Sign Up,Total Utter Rubbish.
This is one mail app I have used on all androids.  The features are there and the quality and speed are top notch.
K9 always is my go to email client.
Was tired of stock gmail app. It was very bulky and in efficient. Installed k9. And am amazed by the light weight app. It is just perfect in all aspects. Searching mail needs improvement though.Great job.
This is a great app
Smooth,  customizable.  Best email client I've tried for my tablet.
This is simply the best email app out there.  One minor issue while working with android wear smart watch: if you don't clear old email notification, you won't be able to see the details when there are two or more email notifications-just show you how many emails and you can't expand the notification. Please fix...
SMTP send returns zero length response error. V5 on my tablet works but this no longer works on my GB 2.3 based phone.
Been using few years.  Last few days it has been reloading all my mail every time I check program
What happened K9?  You used to be cool. :-(  Now you eat all of the battery on my phone (Sony Z1 Compact).  I frequently find 'keep awake' times of 10 hours or more, and most of my battery life gone.  Works great on a tablet, but sadly have had to uninstall it from my phone.
Almost what you want from such an app. Customise friendly, fast and works as expected
Sent items from phone does not sync with Outlook....no autosuggestions while typing names in compose mail... Of very little use as you can't reply to trail mail....please give better suggestions for these problems
This is one of the best apps I have used.  I however can't figure out how to leave copy on the server.  After upgeadibg recently,  k9  removes all mails from server if it accesses before my pc outlook or webmail.  Pls work on this guys
Last few updates I can't move mail between folders. Thinking of leaving K9.
Won't let me add Gmail corporate  acct.  Samsung support had no solution.
A great full featured alternative to stock email apps.  I love all the configuration options.  The only problem I'm having is that when new email messages come an icon appears in the notification area, even though I'm already in that inbox and even though I may have already read the new messages.  I have to exit the app and reopen it to make the icon go away.
I'm using this app since my first android mobile and I loved it. With the latest release it happened twice to read a message and the attached document and then loose it: the read message cannot be find any more. I'm seriously considering to stop with this app! Very disappointed!
K9 does it all, including PGP encryption. Props to the dog walkers.
My mail box went missing, only new unread mail can be receive aft read then the mail also will be missing. Reinstalled but same problem. No mail to keep in phone whether is imap or pop3. Please fix and help. Was a very good app until this happen
Goodjob
Works great generally but since last two updated can't send mail. Ssl changes have screwed it.
I absolutely love K9 Mail.  It's great for using multiple email accounts on the go.  My favorite feature is the ability to customize the notification light on compatible devices.  My only complaint  is that it's not compatible with multi-window mode.
After this update all my accounts disappeared and I can not add any email accounts at all...
Null exceptions all over the place... poor programming.
Doesn't seem to work seamlessly with a lot of mail clients light Google or Gmail, Cablevision, hot mail etc
I tried to set up smtp for multiple accounts, but they all failed.  I tried putting in full email and username only.  I tried different ports.  I tried different authentications.  It might just be my phone (galaxy s4).  I also tried searching the bug reporter.  I wanted to post a bug report, but it wasn't clear how to go about it.  I'll try it again in the future, but for now I've wasted too much time.
easy to use. runing smooth
Update: Problem resolved by latest update and everything works perfectly again now. Thank you!
Been using this app for 5 years.  Always improving.  Hard to live without.
I use this with my school account but when I try to send emails from the app. It always fails. Then it continously give me notifications of the failed email. I wish It worked better.
Uses library where security vulnerabily POODLE was reported,thus many servers banned SSLv3. K9 then cant connect/accept certificate
Have a dozen email accounts managed by this app for past 4 or more years. unfortunately all of my emails are throwing certificate errors on read.  Please fix, I need you!
it drains the battery under Android 4.4 on a Samsung Galaxy SM-G900F, it doesn't drain it on a Samsung Note SM-P605 running Android 4.3. Had to uninstall it from the phone, continue to use it on tablet.
Have reverted to a backup of  v4 as smtp send appears to be broken in v5 (SSL/TLS certificate problem) and still not fixed in 5.001 update. Have used K9 for years now so hope this will be fixed soon as I'd like to stick with it.
Exactly how a good email program should be. Powerful and versatile without hitting you in the face with difficult settings.  Love it! Would gladly pay for it.
Thx for free software but I would love swipe gestures on K9.
After the latest update my K9 became slow on opening the app, opening messages and changing folders.  Now the screen usually blanks and turns black for a few seconds before the app or message opens. Note 3.  Please address this, other than this 5 stars, especially if you added EAS.
It is to request kindly make a way to remove duplicate email in k9 actually i have forwarding account so same email is been sent to many emplyees and forwarding for all is set on my address there i am receiving same email many time so please set some feature to remove duplicate.
Nice app..... but muliple mail configuration should be added.
K9 Mail is the only imap client that I've found that I can configure to work correctly in my environment. It takes some doing, but it does work.
Good
Doesn't save deleted email when you delete them they come back.
One been using K9 mail for a year our so.. Some this update,  it now doesn't work.  I get an error message telling me I can't change my user name.  I didn't change anything.. It just stopped working!  Arrgghh..  It's a shame,  gotta find a new app..
The notification at the top will not go away if I get a new email while in the app even when I read it. I must manually clear it. Small complaint I know but it's very annoying.
Best E-mail client app. Ugliest logo ever.
Good software. But cannot sent email after update. Please fix it.
Have only positive things to say about K-9. Lots of them.
This is hands down the best, most functional, well-designed email application on the entire Android platform
I was using the app but suddenly it started crashing I reported it and to my surprise it consumed my 1.7GB data....
Was great until this latest update. Like others,  I can no longer send mail.
Since I updated, I cannot send emails. All my settings are correct for my outgoing server....please sort out this critical problem
No matter how much I keep deleting unwanted mails the size of the app keeps increasing by the day. I had to uninstall it eventually. But the usability and interface of the app is good
NO EMAIL. COM???
A great start, just needs S/MIME support and it will be perfect.
My emails never made it into this app. It kept polling yet nothing was delivered. I sent several emails to myself from another email provider and none arrived.  Delete!
Simply an excellent mail manager. I think it gets very heavy when selecting all emails
In 5.001 I enabled Sending Mail by going to Account Settings - Sending mail - Outgoing mail - checking on 'require sign-in' and providing my email username and password.
Never opens up attachments and when forwarded makes them corrupt.
Does it's job as promised
& it crashes each time you try to empty Trash folder to free space. Cannot attach images from camera.
Can't send messages with latest version. Seems it doesn't help to go back to older version either...
Lots of options which is always a good thing. I'd ideally like to swipe to delete emails though, and have also noticed if you tap Reply in the notification, you still have to drag up notifications manually when it should automatically dismiss notifications the moment you tap the Reply button. Otherwise good job!
Love it. Tried so many but always I come back to this one.
That I can find
Does everything I expect from an email application. Thank you
This needs to happen
High fashioned app equipped with great email features.
I'm having same proplem sending after installing update to 5.001.  Latest version will not allow me to send.  Sounds like that is not the only proplem with the new release.  It has already taken too long for a fix or going back to an earlier version with less problems.  I need to find a new app.
I use it daily
Kool app u can never have nuff e,mail addys
Also there is a need to add the  functionality of moving emails between the folder.
Thank you for all the good work, well done.
Makes just what it says.
The most useful app on my phone and tablet, handles all of my mail accounts in one place smoothly and securely.
Great email client
For some reason all the emails I have deleted recently keep on coming back!  Apart from that been using k9 for years and love it.
So easy to use. Makes keeping track of my emails on the go so hassle free.
So much better than the standard android mail app!
The latest update is great, has resolved many issues, k9 works well now with my Samsung Galaxy S5
Excellent
K9:we are in a car.
I use this application since 1 year and I'm happy that I found it.
Great email application! Love it!
Quick scrolling in messages list lagging quite bad, even in phones with so many cores, outrageous RAM & lots of storage space. Super slow when searching old mail in online folder. When an inbox is open, new mail come & opened not from notification, the notification wont go away until manually cleared or reopen mail by tapping the notification. Deleting mail directly from notification causes screen to unlock. Fixes & improvements will be highly anticipated.
It's OK
Upgraded V4.804 to V5.1 & switched from APG to OpenKeyChain without a hitch. Tested 4 signed messages so far. I'm liking it. I wish we could create rich content with images, or html but what K9 does currently, it does very well. K9 is well supported by a large group of dedicated developers but they understandibly seem to prefer communicating via their google groups forum.
and one of the most reliable apps I've come across. Thanks
Really does everything you need from an email app. Much better than the standard Android app.
lovely email client
Been using it for a few months now. Thanks k-9 mail.
Have used it for years now.... Just keeps getting better.
Excellent app but please replace the dog icon with a letter perhaps.
This is my favorite app but lately I've been experiencing issues with the app. When I delete mail,  the same mail I deleted shows back up in my inbox. Can you fix this problem?  That's why I gave it 4 stars. I've been using this app for a couple of years now. I love the customizations options available with this app.
Excellent, very customizable. UI needs improving though as far from the prettiest mail app.
Does what it should with no muss and no fuss.
Best mail app
Lean and quick! Much better than company app.
Try others but come back to this one. Great job, and thanks.
I've tried others but always come back to K9
The latest upgrade just broke K9. Random certificate errors. Please fix this ASAP.                                                  Thank you for fixing the certificates issue.
Works as it should, used for nearly a year and never had a problem.
Great app. Many thnx
Picks up all 6 of my varied email accounts with ease and sorts them for easy reading. Best email app ive used.
Update has completely ruined what used to be an incredible  tool. Cannot connect to server. Hopefully you'll  address this issue.
Beat's the stock email client 10-0. Have many features with small space footprint.
K-9 ranks top in the list of free email client. It carries almost all the features which one may need in a good email app.
Reliably does what it's supposed to.
The best emailing apps....
This has been my preferred client for a few years now.
New 5.1 Upgrade Failed
Excellent..
I still have a POP3 email and the client my phone came with is beyond horrible.  Thank goodness for this software!
The best
Good malling. Apps
Nice tool
I tried them all. This is the best. The icon is the ugliest, though.
Absolutely, it is one of the best app I have ever used.
Simple and effective, thus perfect
Best app for imap and pop email, including gmail. Add Exchange and it will be perfect.
Excellent mail client, well done, one of better mail clients on any platform.
Das einzige, was (schon seit Jahren) fehlt, und wohl auch gema des entsprechenden Issues nicht mehr eingebaut wird, sind HTML Signaturen.
Trouble free, checks all five of my accounts and - in contrast yo Android's stock app - lets me empty  the trash!  Fourth device I've had this program on ... Thanks!
I have used this app for a couple of years now. It has never failed on me!
I have all my mail accounts in one place, perfect app..
Have tried all the other but always come back to K9. 
does it or does it not work with yahoo acounts ? mine doesn't !!!! i cannot send emails!!!! error auth plain NEGATIVE SMTP
Love k9 over any other email app
Great app really brought back alot of features that were lost from earlier Android mail. Really easy to setup and touch wood not a single crash from this gem. Bad: I am using this for 3 email accounts on my home screen but I can't change the name of the home screen link.  All show k-9 mail,  could do with renaming feature.  Also all other mail apps tend to show the number of unread emails on the icon this doesn't. Lastly, no feedback option within the app to say this stuff!?
Frequently uses more power than even the screen.
Can't find something as simple as creating a new folder.
Great app... but release 5.0 had led to massive battery drain and new  freezing.  Changing my 5 star review to 2 stars.... hopefully temporarily.  Need bug fixes soon or I'll be forced to try and install an older version.
I use this email app regularly to help me manage two email accounts. Since one account is for business, it is very important that I have access to email while on the go. Using K-9, I am able to effectively manage email to and from our supplier and customers. Couldn't operate the way I want without it!
Next best thing to Thunderbird on a desktop. -1 star due to Needs ability to move email across IMAP accounts.
Best email app
This app has been causing a battery drain.  The first thing I do in the morning now is stop the app because my phone is hot. Hopefully a fix is coming soon.
sorry it doesn't handle UNICODE in Subject field or interaccount moving
Please fixed soon, after an update, it extremely draining my battery very fast..
All Good
And still free and open source!
Waiting for exchange support.
Beware of Dog
Was great email client before last update. Always errors when downloading new emails for no reason.
Continuously prompts to check server setting. Please fix this bug FAST.  EDITED: I don't know if you guys actually did anything,... but K9 has been working fantastic today. For that,... I THANK YOU SINCERELY.
K9 constantly "synchs" for minutes at a time and tells me all good, but doesn't download emails when on cellular network. Have checked settings, doesn't seem to be that. Seems to only actually synch when manually told to do so and over WiFi. I can't trust it is showing me my latest emails
On my Z3 compact, it crashes after a few minutes use. I spend a lot of time in email so this isn't any use to me.
K9 had always been a good email client with lots of options but I feel that is UI and design have not evolved much from Android Eclair days. Needs a visual and UI refresh.
This is a great email client. It is easy to use and has many great features.
Does what it is supposed to do
Was a great app but ever since the update, I keep getting certificate errors even though everything is configured correctly. Very annoying that my notification bar is filled with these false positive error messages. Also I noticed my battery drains faster because of always getting the errors. I uninstalled and did a Google search for top email clients and moved over to Blue Mail. Couldn't be happier and no more stupid error messages!
Since last upgrade,  continusually get error message to check my email server settings.  Can't see a tt hing wrong with them but am now having some Issues with messages downloading fully.   I planned to go to the developer site to report this,  but I cant find where to leave this info.  If I uninstall app snd then reinstall it fresh,  would my already downloaded emails still be there?
I have been using this app for a long time never had an issue with it and the last month I have to import my account settings twice, which is not a big deal but a little bit annoying. It looks like k-9 every time is updating must does everything from he beginning. If you need .more info please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you.
       .    - ,      .   . Samsung Galaxy S2
I have a gmail, hotmail, and netzero account all set up on this. I love being able to get all of them from one app, and I've had no trouble with this so far. Clean interface, easy to use, and highly customizable - a great app.
Has every feature I'd want for my email client, and even more! One of the best examples of a well designed app, that possesses the look & feel of the OS!
Perfect sync/display mechanism. UI could use an overhaul though.
Just received Ver 5.000 and I nolonger can access my email accounts.   "Certificate Error".    Lets get this fixed.  It never asks to get a certificate, press next and it says "Connecting to server" and then it ends.   The good news is I can send & receive emails, but when it polls is when I get the Certificate Error notification.  I have tried your suggestion, but it doesn't work.  Your app now on my phone,  constantly posts "Certificate Missing" .  And with that, your app eats my battery up.    So I have uninstalled your app.  I need my emails and whether I post here or on your link on google that I can't find where to post a problem, My post will remain here.   I have tried reinstalling, and it failed again.   I really think your product applicaton is really great, but since the last update, its been a disaster.  So I have moved to a different email client.  You can post here if and when you fixed the problem.
Certificate errors and the like. Worked wonderfully for months until today.
With k-9 Mail I can review my entire inbox even if i'm offline. Also I love the multiple accounts management feature.
This is a great app but now using too much battery. Charged my Galaxy S5 last night but app had used 37% of battery power and was down to 60% after 6 hours. Battery app report K9 as using most power. More than op sys. Please go back to old power use.
Nearly always crashes after a few seconds. Eats much too much too much energy. Last update made a mess out of previously good K-9. Fully useless!
Perfect
The mail is cut, depending on the zoom level. I can scroll below and even mark below, but the text is not displayed.
Should have rated this earlier.  This is the best app to check your imap email. Supports imap push.
Was great last update is a disaster
This was a stellar app I've used for years. Latest update chews through a full charge in about 6 hours. By far the biggest battery user on my N5. Had to uninstall to keep my battery running long enough to last an international flight.
was using on my nexus 5.  it was a struggle and a half to get my icloud account working, but i was finally able to do so.  when i switched to the moto x, copied all of the settings exactly from the nexus, and yet the icloud account cannot be configured to send mail.  tried everything.  tired of fighting with it.  chose the stock android mail app and lo and behold, the account set up automatically and correctly when i input the account information.  sadly deleting K9 from my phone since it's useless to me if i cannot send mail from it.
The update made installation problems and I can't add accounts
Nice that it's open source but with Gmail, I often get blank messages or "connection error" after I tap on new messages in my inbox.
Does pretty much all youd need on a mail client
One of my best since 2012, all emails can be read without downloading attachments, instantly, when attachments are needed, only then they can be downloaded too. Perfect!
All of a sudden this app has become a real power hog using even more than the screen. Sad, because otherwise it's a terrific app.
Latest update has ruined a great app. Now saying "next poll 2 days ago" and not fetching mail at all!! Was perfect before this!
Cannot send email. Have contacted K-9 with problem. No response.
Best email app out there. Does everything. From exchange to pop3.
Wont send emails - t.riff.ic !
New update is crap. Please fix
Great
solve my company email problem. Better if can have preview gadget
No good
Latest update destroyed the best android email client availiable. Should have read the reviews before updating.  Went from 5 stars to 1. And 1 only because it won't let me select 0.
Since the latest update, some emails disappear right after they come in. I get a notification, the subject briefly shows at the top of my phone, then the email is gone. It doesn't appear in ANY of the account folders. Not even the trash. This is a big problem. And, no, I don't want to spend hours navigating your user UN-friendly site just to try to report this. I tried that. It's a huge waste of time. Samsung galaxy s4
I am trying using K-9 mainly for offline search and it seems to work just fine. However my sent email at Office 365 is in folder called Sent Items (likely this is always the case with Outlook and cannot be changed) and, despite I specifically configured K-9 to sync Sent Items, it still insists on syncing Sent (and finds nothing). I hope this issue can be patched.  Thanks a lot for the great tool!  Update: Go to 'Account settings > Fetching mail > Incoming server' and press the "Next" button. This will refresh setting and cause K-9 to sync Sent Items.
Ever since the upgrade all my mail is placed in the K-9 error mailbox after polling each account. Moreover, the app never finishes polling. I need to force-stop the app each time. What had happened to K-9?
As of 10/2/2014 this app is unusable.  All I get are cert errors.  No way to get it to stop.  My hosting providers cert does not match my domain name, but most email apps allow you to ignore this.  Not sure if this is related to the error I'm getting but it went from working to DoA after installing the new version.  Had to uninstall it and look for an alternative.
I thought that I could switch back to Gmail's app, since they said that it had performance upgrades. I was wrong. Back to K-9!
Outstanding..keep up the great work
Couldnt get better for a free app. To me it works better than the official gmail app.
Do not use automatic update for this app. The latest version 5.0 is incompatible with most email providers and K9s response is to get you provider to upgrade their system. NOT customer friendly!
AOL used to install automatically, now I have to change the parameters for pop3. I tried to send you a bug report but that link didn't work
I have used k9 for years, but unfortunately this latest update has made it too annoying to use.  It still works well and has more functionality than any other email app I can find (that is why it is 3 stars and not 1), but the constant certificate errors for my 3 imap accounts are driving me crazy.  I hope they are able to fix this issue so I can setup my email in K9 again (but for now Blue Mail will work).
Lots of options, but for some reason the push feature was not working, although scheduled polling worked fine.
...until v5 broke it completely where it no longer can send through my email server, and K9 support has been non-responsive, despite their support forum overflowing with messages about it.  Guess I'll have to revert to stock email - at least it works.
AVL Pro detected adware in Maildroid, so I came looking for an equally capable yet clean mail client.  It is THE most capable, user-friendly mail app I had ever used over my career of 32 years in ICT. One little snag: no LED for new mail arrivals, despite being set up.  OpenPGP excellent.
It takes forever to load emails the app closes unexpectedly and when you respond it goes to the bottom of the page where people don't see it
This app has ok features on the interface. But I got a new phone with low internal memory and it forcibly installs itself on internal memory, not external SD card. Why?
Hotmail on KitKat now broken with new release of K9.  Please fix!
Does k9 opens .eml file
I've used this app for months to replace the crappy stock mail app on my Galaxy S5 without an issue. After speaking with clients later in the day today, I realized none of the emails sent this morning were sent. They were all hanging out in my outbox folder! After multiple attempts at resolving the problem, I gave up and defaulted to using my Gmail to send my messages. Thanks for the update that made me blow my productive work day!
I have APG installed, and K9 lists 2 copes of APG in the list. If I select the first and try to decrypt a message, it says no suitable application found. If I select the second one, it says openpgp error null.
As an e-mail app for Android, I love K-9. It's flexibility means you can do anything you want (I never hit limits), and the UI is intuitive and easy to work with.  However: I recently noticed my phone was draining its battery too fast. I did some tests, fully charging the phone, rebooting it, leaving K-9 open in the background to pick up my emails, but reading them with another app I wanted to try out. 10 hours later, K-9 had run up one hour of "keep awake" time (even though I hadn't opened the app once - it was all background) and the other app (that I'd used throughout the day) just 9 minutes. So I disabled K-9, but the "keep awake" time kept increasing one minute in ten, so some background process was obviously thrashing the CPU.  The next day, phone rebooted, K-9 disabled - the phone is cooler to touch and its charge lasted the full day. I don't know which update introduced the problem, but at some point K-9 has started using too much battery, where other apps (used in the same way) have not.  I like the app enough to return to it - after some more upgrades, especially if they mention battery issues - I'll probably give it another try.
Last update blocked outgoing mail. I had to reset the outgoing mail server for ssl, that was it.  Great program!
Can't send email with the new upgrade. Very disappointed.
Have loved this app since I discovered it but the last app update has made it useless. Says outgoing settings are wrong so won't send nothing. I've not changed it and double checked. Please fix asap.
K9 is a must have app.
This app handles multiple email addresses wonderfully!
Why does K9 mail enable all its  autostart entries by itself? It's very annoying issue. I think I should be uninstall it.
K9 email is the best and most dependable for IMAP and POP3. The only thing missing is exchange functionality. Perhaps one day someone will use K9 as a base and extend it to have exchange functionality.
Used it since 4 years.  Now update does not send out mails anymore...
Mail
Not working since update!!!
This is the best Android mail app. However one annoying tiny bug is that messages don't auto fit on my phone. Even with the option selected, it still does not fit (width). Not sure if this is an Android issue or with the app.
The most recent update sends error notifications for no reason, and has some other issues too
I've been using this app for years you guys upgraded it and this s*** doesn't work anymore please! fix it asap
Why is it so slow now...
But would love it even more if there was a master password. Keep up the good work!
Easy, fast load, good control of settings.
New version no longer could download my icloud email. Had to go to github and reinstall last stable version. Please fix! I've loved it til now.
Great email client is now an incessant torrent of error messages. Had to force close. Worthless until a fix is done.  Galaxy S4
DO NOT RECOMMEND!!  The recent update blocks me from sending emails.  Kind of useless to have an email app that can't send emails. I have changed nothing in my settings other than the update. I have used this app for 2 years,  loved it, even recommended it on my site, I will be changing that review as well.
I like it
since the update yesterday, i am unable to send mail.  i've re-entered my password, i've tried every version of accepting (or not) certificates and encrypting (or not).  you have made your app pointless. EDIT.  problem seems to have resolved.  but don't beta test upgrades on users.
Now I can't send emails, but I can receive them. It seems to have corrupted my security data.  I have reloaded many times with no change. Incidentally the older program still works fine on my other phone. Do not update it or it may fail.
I use this app along with fire alert 2 in order to use my phone like a fire pager. The last update has ruined this app. It has worked great for months but not anymore............. After pulling my hair out, I think I have discovered the latest update requires the user to go into the settings and reconfigure different options and it seems to be working again. I guess now I can just say that a more detailed explanation on this would of helped.
Won't set up my Gmail account, constantly crashes as set up is underway.
Worked great until update. No new mails since then but getting them on my iPad. Tut tut. Poor.                                 Edit: the update changed one of my incoming mail server settings. I manually changed it back and it seems OK now.
This plus gmail is all I use on my phone
Was great before latest update. I get error with certificate.
Every time i open it, it force closes. I have used this email app for a few years and have always liked it. Please, please fix whatever happened in the last update!!!
Was this new version even tested?I can't send any email!
I have been using K9 for my Yahoo email account for about 4 years.  I have a mail server at home which downloads and deletes my Yahoo emails (which is why I don't use Yahoo's app).  I have had the same exact settings on K9 since the beginning. Never had an issue. Now the latest K9 update has caused issues. I keep getting certificate error nag messages but the app still works.
This is just a great client. Seriously great.
Tried setting up a Hotmail account on this, only to find out it can't be done. Got to say, pretty disappointed and will now be looking got an alternative app.
Best email app
Can't access or send new mail except over wifi now (Internet &  Gmail apps still work fine over cell or wifi) . And I can't select & delete multiple messages anymore. What's happened to this previously good app?
Worked faithfully and flawlessly for a long time. Most recent app update broke the app and it no longer will fetch mail....
Certificate error all around, the wiki is not helping either
Worked perfect before last update---- please fix
The most feature complete mail client for Android.
Used to work perfect and now I get force closes and can't send even after a complete reset the after hours of tech support I tried added the account back into k9 while leaving the old one still in k9 and it sent an email once then crashed again deleted all accounts and added them back and again some send some don't no matter what hour outbox says it looks like it sent but never get delivered anywhere.. I this is only on some accounts for the mail account.
Have used this for ages until recently when it broke after the recent update.
Unlike most email apps, K-9 actually provides support for Drafts.
Can't use it anymore, it keeps crashing!!!
Have had no problems for the better part of 2 years and now ive installed the update i cant send emails. Why cant people just leave things alone??????
This one great ap has now been turned useless.  I have 12 email accts I apparently need to enter into a new ap since this one can't run more than 10 seconds at a time before telling me it's stopped working. (Insert sarcasm here) I'm thrilled... :(
I used to use the built in Android mail program, but had a lot of various issues. Got fed up and downloaded this. Loved this program. Updates have only made it better.  -update 1/27/14: reply to an email, save it as a draft, come back to it later, you'll notice part of the first line of the original email and part of the first line of the reply have swapped. Why?
It works but the interface is ugly and some of the options are annoying or hidden in over complicated ways.
Worked great until the last update. Some accounts work but there is one that keeps telling me the authentication error with the server. The server, user name and password is very correct.
Has been lagging and hanging after recent updates.  Seems slower now.  Also:  why no ability to move email out of the trash and back to the inbox on pop accounts?  Seems so basic...
A great client! Saw on guthub that there is some work on Pgp/Mime being done, which would be a killer feature. No other mail client gets that right (neither Maildroid nor that r2mail), even though they claim to support it.
I can not retrieve my apple/mac email now. It keeps saying authentication plain!! The outgoi. Server works but not the incoming!!! I missed two important emails yesterday because of this!! Please fix!
I am very upset that K-9 requires at least Android 4.0.3 now. I am satisfied my Galaxy S1 and have no intention to buy new one in the nearest future.
Will return to a 5 star when fixed.
All of a sudden I could no longer send email, only receive.  I went to the server settings for outgoing mail, and clicked next and immediately got an error.  I didn't notice at first, but after the update, www was added in front of my outgoing server.  removed the www and it worked fine as it should.  Thought I'd post this in the review section in case others come here with the same issue
HALYEYGA SHIBIS
Love it.
Excellent
The best email app.  No doubt.
Keeps crashing, cannot use. Please fix!
Was a good app but upgrade is broken. TLS certificate error when getting mail. Unsure if password is compromised.
This really is one of the best Android email apps.  Easy to use easy to get used to.  But alas the last phone upgrade from Samsung broke it.  Now it starts and dies.  Very sad.
App used to be great but no longer works. When I try to open it, I repeatedly get an error message that says the app has stopped working. That message pops up repeatedly even after I kill the app. Had to uninstall. So sad, I've used this app for years and now must find another one.
was a great app now after the update it is useless please fix
Ever since this one installed it keep crashing. ...
Upgrade makes it crash repeatedly!  Don't install!
You find the perfect replacement app, i found I can receive email but not send it....just my luck...any suggestions?
1 star for the current version, 5 for previous. Keeps crashing
Same thing for every fukkin version. This time there is an option to turn off background sync. The app still adds it self in autostarts, even if removed it pops right back after use. Another star removed, for ignoring bugs, and refusing to show version# in Play store. (Now fixed) New update is buggy as hell.
Best email app by far!
If you are a person who doesn't like to be tracked down by Google kind of modern day garbage privacy invaders. Use this app for read mails. Ditch gmail for android.
Was using a previous version on another device. Latest version not showing icon to add additional  accounts on xolo hive. Uninstalling now.
Best out there
Going to look for a new app
I like the way it shows me what it ius doing. The security improvements in the recent release sound good includes things like defaulting to things which I had been setting myself.
K
I used to love this app. Ever since I got my new phone I can't get the outgoing settings to work. Nothing changed on my end and setting work in my standard mail client. Emailed K9 mail for help with no response.
Very powerful app with a lot  of useful options
Since the latest update it will not send out forwarded emails. Can receive email OK but will not send out forwarded emails. Too bad. I loved this program until this!
Had a major malfunction while traveling today  outgoing server jammed and whole section of inbox are gone.  Why didnt this get tested was a great ap...
Update sucks
Ever since the update I get daily errors about an invalid certificate. But if I go to the account screen and connect, all is fine.   The really odd thing, is that K-9 has NO option to accept any certificate. All implementations of OpenSSL allow you to accept any cert and encrypt the channel - K-9 should have this, and just ignore any potential errors. I am not worried about a MitM attack, so just quit nagging me - or if there is a real error, tell me what it is.
I use it every day as my corporate email client. Works great!
I have about 10 email accounts and they were all working fine. Now 8 of them say "Certificate error"
All my email in one place
New update is not sending my messages. Wow, this is really bad!
Very usefull for organizing multiple accounts
Last update made this app unusable.
Now getting cert error.
After install I went and re verified incoming and outgoing server settings, as suggested by Dev's replies to others. Send/receive all perfect. But when attaching, still can't select multiple files at once. Perhaps this depends on which app you use to select files, Drive, File manager, etc?
Has been a great email client, but recently a lot of persistent quirks - doesn't show my most recent mail, although they show up in notifications. Now keeps telling me my server settings are wrong (no changes except the upgrade), and the application keeps stopping.  Goign to have to change over to some other IMAP email app.
Was an excellent email app. But the latest update has instantly broken it, with error messages for no reason. Will have to go elsewhere unless it is sorted very quickly. Very disappointed.
At first glance one might be scared by the numerous options but this is probably a price one must pay for this very customizable mail app. Non the less it has become my standard mail app. I just wish I could get it to not display mails grouped in a conversation but show them individually but I guess there's also an option for that which I just haven't found yet. XD
The latest version 5RC1 breaks with many popular mail services. Yahoo, 1and1 to name just 2. I had ranked this a 5 star app until this downgrade. Hold off until they fix it. I wish I had.
Update: Devs: the Jan2014 update: the app crashes, is very unstable. Will update rating after the bugs are fixed. SG2 CM @ 4.3.1.  God bless you guys. Thanks for this great app. Working fine on the galaxy tab 1, A500, Note3 & GS2.
HTC ONE V
Love the app, however I am pretty sure the update killed my auto fetch of email. Now have to manually fetch.......
Upgrade causing errors with yahoo accounts
Used no work great but since I updated earlier today I can't send emails. Please fix or I will have to uninstall and use another app.
Was a 5-star app until the update. Now it causes errors with my Yahoo accounts. Please fix this, otherwise I need to search for a new mail app.
I love this app and it's great for what I use it for -- multiple secure IMAP connections, including one to a fussy MSExchange service. But the latest version here stores HUGE numbers of "Exception: message count -1 for folder XXX" and I/O errors and PUSH errors in the K9 Errors folders -- and these aren't errors. They're what happen when you walk around with a mobile device and change wifi speeds, access points, and cell towers. And those exceptions now take up space in your message storage for the app. Also they've discontinued the option for older security methods -- and that's great for security, except when you have to turn security OFF because you can't personally upgrade the server you have to use. I may have to downgrade to maintain usability for my needs, but in all I'm very happy with this app and the hard work from the development team to keep this a five-star product.
Unable to delete  emails using the recycle bin icon. Please fix.
Keep getting certificate errors with latest update (v5.000).  Having to manually check settings to read mail on Yahoo mail servers is a pain.  Never had a problem before this update.  On Moto X with KitKat.
It does manage more than manage, more than one account.
Love it
Just updated, can't send mail. Went to website, no way to send comments on problems. Please fix. Good dog K9
Very efficient
Does what I need it to do.  Seamless push compatibility with AOL.
Feature request: the ability to create new folders on IMAP server.
Was 5 , now 1 star. Can't send email with newest update.
One of the best Android email apps around. Well done guys
I've always used K9 but with several accounts it is annoying that the polling intervals cannot be set individually. It appears that they can but they always revert to the interval that is shortest. This results in an unnecessary use of bandwidth - not significant on Wi-Fi but important on mobile data. It seems like it should be a simple fix to prevent the greedy use of data unnecessarily.
The great app!!!
I use this to sync about 4 different email accounts and it works perfectly. The UI is also much better now.
Each update turns the widget name to default. Please fix it. Account names turn to "K-9 Mail"  I have many email accounts and have to rename them all on each update.
First impression was good, but process hangs up. Everytime problems with folder "all msg."
Working perfectly
Near perfect !
One of the best email clients for android, can have all my accounts on this
No issues.
I've been using K-9 Mail for a couple years now and really like it. It handles my roaming (offline) well, saving replies & drafts for later, integrates w/multiple IMAP ACCTS, etc. It just works! And is very configurable (business/fun/private accts, etc).
Best email app out.
Very useful email client.
Near perfect mail client, I just wish it had an option for setting different fetching intervals on mobile data and wifi.
The best email client for my android unit
excellent
I have been trying to find a way to download coupons that come with barcodes so I have them available when i don't have access to the internet this has solved my problem so easy to setup and very intuitive Thumbs Up!
I manage more than 5 accounts incredibly easy and organized. Practical to read and to have a quick answer on main emails from several providers. Thank you!
hands-down, this is the best Android mail client yet, in my not so humble opinion
Very useful app and the best mail client
I can't send mail after update. I'm running android 4.4.2. Wth guys?
Needs a manual. Works great. Will comment again after I see the latest update
I just really wish I could stop the notification that it's syncing mail from the notification bar
Many years ago I was a fan of YAM - an e.mail client for the Amiga. K9 Mail has to be the best e.mail client for Android or indeed any operating system today.
But why is there no widget showing all incoming mail? Would be very useful...
opening to imap folders would be awesome and receive 5 stars
I really like this app. It has all the necessary functions and a nice look and feel but the Exchange support uses WebDav, so no push support for Hotmail. I found a new, competing app that works, so I'm switching until dude decides to rise to the challenge.
This email app is lightweight an loaded with amazing features. I keep on coming back to K9 after trying some other email clients. Highly recommended.
Best email Service there is!!!
Could be great. Despite dated UI Been using this app for almost 4 years and has worked well for me.
Only thing is I cant see all my folders. Annoying.
Uninstalled it after i noticed it was draining my battery a lot, my phone use to last atleast 24+ hours. But with k9 mail i was charging it after every 12 to 14 hours.
Great and secure!
i can't sign to my gmail account. it keep saying my username or password incorrect. (i know my username & password)
I just need a lite and functional email app, and this fits the bill.
very confusing terminology, "polling folders"...I dont understand as opposed to "fetching" or "checking". I cant download attachments or view them. Looks like Gmail but does not work like Gmail at all.
I can't see how to reply to a message I've just read without closing it, there must be a way?!
Finally found something with PGP support!
App icon is need bit improvement feels tachy
No reason not to download and use this app!
Good. Some times feel better than stock email app. Could improve.
The only flaw I see is that the app does not have an icon with an unread email counter. The widget is fine but I can't put it in my quick app section at the bottom of the screen for my Samsung Galaxy. Wish they would create an icon too as well as the widget with the counter.
In android 2.3.7 Sony Xperia U to check mail you have to retrieve it manually with the refresh button otherwise the app can't do it for itself on the background. The rest is great!
After months of using it just stop working, thank you for services :(
It's not so much the outdated UI as it is the stalling. I have to force close this app about 2 or 3 times a day. Otherwise it endlessly attempts to retrieve mail and the circle icon in the notice bar turns and turns and turns and turns............
I luv the most recent update, works for me.
It's too good!
Your app is checking my Drafts outbox every 5 minutes and draining the battery in 4 hours.  I have the G3!
Works pretty well on Pop/SMTP which my institutional webmail is using, worked better than androids default email app
I can't send mail with this anymore something broken somewhere
Very good
Works just like outlook
Wouldn'open an account for me..... I have a zero in my email it didn't like
For me the best mail client
unable to sync sometimes and sent out urls are NOT clickable by recipients.
How do l save emails or make them stay in my inbox? They disappear! 5stars given if l can save important emails!
Great app, shame about the ugly out of place icon.
Awesome
Like it so much
Not useful for me at least. .....
A very good email app
I really look at the user experience and K-9 just doesn't appeal to me aesthetically. I prefer the gmail app over this since I only have gmail accounts. It's otherwise a great app.
Try it feel it
fantastic app
Stock email app wouldn't register internode email, this worked straight away and was very easy to set up.
Every time I try to set up gmail account it gives an error .
After having tried out all major Android e-mail clients and some minor ones I am back at K9.
As long as you don't have more than five email accounts, you will like this app. The issue I ran into was I couldn't install more than five accounts. As soon as problem is fixed, I'll probably come back to this
Works great!
Why the reply option disappear in landscape.    Stupid.    Keep all options in both modes.
Outlook works great but for Gmail it doesn't sync with pc. Still shows the email unread. Also please include calendar. Thanks
After entering email address and password it indicates it can't contact server and doesn't setup account. So I tried Aqua mail and it worked perfectly.
Gud one. Can some body pls help me to configure multiple accounts.
It does not print to HP sprint or google could. Have to use gmail.
The Thunderbird of android
This is a good e mail client for most of the EMail purpose. However, limited signature customisation and no contact sync with server makes it less useful exchange client for me. Would love to give five star when these two updates are available in future.
I can't send mail to any one.
Nice mail programm I like it and use it as my default mail client.
Great for power user--gives you control over many things.
DIVYA
Very user friendly and intuitive.  Conversation mode is missing. Need confirmation before send.   It is a must and should be included in next release for a 5 star.
I changed my Gmail password and now I can't sign on. It won't accept my new password
Some conversations dont get grouped and we feel our message hasn't been sent.
It works flawlessly with KitKat. Very nice app, thanks developer(s).
No widgets to display my inbox on my homescreen and that stupid dog all over the app makes it look unprofessional. Uninstalled.
I m amazed yahoo hotmail gmail at one mail app sycn nicely and easy to use simple handling formet.  Swipe to select multiple and u can del mark read, spam etc good also it save your password at your app not over their server.
This is by far the best email app! I'm using a samsung note 2 with kitkat 4.4.2 and it's flawless! It works perfectly with my Hotmail, Gmail, and Yahoo accts.
On the plus side, it was very easy to add email accounts.  On the minus side, the setup was badly designed. Conflict ? Maybe, but for some reason the setup procedure picks up EVERY folder AND file on your host - in my case creating 4 times as many "email" accounts that actually existed. I suspect maybe a bug ?  So, for example, if you have a FILE on your server called myFile.php K9 picks this up as another email folder ! Seriously bad bit of design there. You have to manually select each error and mark it as "2nd class" to hide it (no multi-select option) - there is no apparent way to tell K9 to actually remove it.  Another issue - minor, but irritating - is if you click on an email with the intention of opening it, instead of opening it you instead get a list of emails from the same person. OK, so you can then click on the email AGAIN in this new list to actually ropen it but what an un-necessary step. Not a disaster, just annoying.  BUt those two bizarre issues aside seems a good package..
Good
Haven't found (yet) a better one
I love this App, but Hotmail does not love it! This is what I said before. "I just started using this. Feels and looks great. Hope I can keep using it w/o any bugs!"
Very good application, it just needs some useful features like automatic spam filtering (spamassasin?)
What I like most: after reading new mails the programs does not close when you push the back button, but always goes one step up in the program, so possible other unread mails become visible as well! Very practical!  And of course: it functions all very smoothly with a friendly interface and tons of customizations!
Great app but the push functionality isn't working. I have to manually refresh the inbox for messages. I have not changed any settings from the default install. Does it push mail from Hotmail? I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 LTE. Would be 5 star otherwise.
If you have more than one email address, you will want this app.
Lately it become slower and gives 'fail to send email' errors. Also it gets stuck frequently on email check...annoying.
NEEDS SUPPORT FOR DELETING FROM THE NOTIFICATION WIDOW
Doesn't install on android L..please fix..I really love this app..unknown error during installation :"-112"
Awesome mail client
Love it, but slower and slower, especially when network connectivity is problematic (which seems really weird). Wish it had custom notifications!
Maybe a graphic update, but this is easily the best mail app and it is for free
Last few versions have drained battery badly. The last update claiming to have fixed this did not. I had to uninstall, drained my phone flat in 6 hours.
Can't find a way to make multiple accounts
The icon looks dated. I hesitate to download this app because the icon make the app looks like it's work of a high school students. Improve icon to get 5 stars.
only is good a black color skin, nothing more.
It is a great e-mail exchange for work or personal email.
This is one great email client for android! Still needs Could password lockscreen. Am also missing some common soft buttons such us 'send', instead of just menu items. Last but not least, pls pls pls fix ms exchange 2010 full support.
none of them comes even close to K-9. Best email app out there
All the functions you would expect from a mail app. And it deletes messages from the server. Instant contact add from new messages. Lovely App.
This is a good email app, but today it stopped working.  Anyone working on the problem?
I wish it had swipe and that's about it.
Good aap
So did a search for spam filter this app pops up first so I give it a go...no spam filter not even inside the client, huh...Don't see the value of having the app come up for search results of spam filter out maybe I missed the filter,  if I did please point it out
Full of power features for those that really like to fine tune their mail settings. Can't say anything bad about this app.
Easy to keep all of my accounts in one place. The export settings and account is plus big plus. I switch android devices frequently and it is super easy to just import my accounts.
Much better than stock samsung email apps
Every time I try to download an attachment it says "connection error" yet everything else works just fine on every other app in the sane network and location
Very good application. It lacks a cache for used email addresses.
Functionality of the app is excellent,  however a subpar user interface, difficulty in finding the right settings, and inconsistent/confusing terminology used to describe the same functions in different places are a bit problem for me. Also, please change its icon to something more professional.
Simple & gets your work done.
You have throughout these years perfected email for Android however the ONLY thing missing therefore more missing 1 star is you NEED to Add PRIORITY for emails unless I can't find it then I will make this 5 stars oh and for some reason only my hotmail account (with all settings setup correctly on both sides) will not delete from server I will try to delete and readd the account to fix but for now I have had to download the outlook app which works but I would prefer not to have Thank You and please Fix
Don't like Google Mail conversations? Me neither so I switched to K-9 mail and haven't missed conversations one little bit.
For me, perfect ! Thx
It's very easy to use
Ok
Please allow more contra bet read and unread mails
Great
.... K9 connot  push email with mail.ru acount on cyanogenmod...dont know why..It could be a perfect app but the unreliable push ruins that.But in the end is a great app and im using APG encryption along K9 and works great !K9 Can  recieve/send encrypted email from thunderbird/enigmail  !!
If you like to tweak and configure settings, K-9 is the best email app, hands down. E.g. ability to override phone sync settings is invaluable if you want to get your email notifications when you're out but not Facebook, Soundcloud, etc. Integration with APG for PGP email encryption is also really cool for serious nerd cred. 10/10 makes me want to move back into mom's basement.
I have the Samsung Note 2. I have been using it for 2 years and very happy with it. But lately it keeps going out and fetching mail that it has already fetched and email that it had deleted. It also isn't deleting mail off server anymore like it used to. This is becoming a real nuisance and is causing me to rethink keeping k-9 any longer.
Waste of time. Downlaoded this app, then spent an hour trying to save attachments to sdcard. Downloaded OI File Browser; selected path where i want to store atrachment (sdcard). K-9 shows that it stored it where you wanted, but browsing for the file, it keeps storing it on the phone and not the sdcard. So great, I try to open the pdf file that it saved and it errors out saying the file is not valid. So.... free or not; if it doesn't work it's still crap. UNINSTALLED
It's a very good app
Doesn't  authenticate with exchange...
I especially like this app for the select all feature in the trash folder and empty trash all at once. This is something that android mail apps don't allow.
When Google says you have to change your security settings to access your email thru this I got a bit nervous. Moved on to another app.
Updated 8/29/14: App has not synced my emails for the past 24 hrs. Problems with my emails synced from GoDaddy.  The alerts appear but emails read no text and at other times, the emails appear only 1 second after the alerts arrives.. then immediately disappears from the in box until a few days later.
Love this app, but how do you filter junk mail? It has a junk mail folder bur you can't set emails as junk. So frustrating
cam biasa je..
That's all I'm saying.
Better
Push feature not working by default. Pained myself by trying different setting but all in vain. Very flexible and lightweight app but still useless. I could be wrong but having push should have been easier.
Good app needs improvement. Would gave 5 star if it would stop hiding mail. I try to open mail and then I get a message no message??
Offers dual way sync on pop3 email accounts. Multiple account setup.
Find I don't get emails pushed quickly from it and if I delete an email on my phone it's still on my tablet.  And I did the server deletion options
I was having issues with the default mail program on my Galaxy S5.  I was told by a technician at Verizon about this program so I tried it.  Works great with a lot more features.  I highly recommend trying it out.
One of the best email clients for Android!
After the password on my IMAP mail changed, I forgot to also change the password for k9, but it never told me that it could no longer login. It just pretended to refresh giving no error messages, making me wrongly think that I simply had no new mail.
The developer's email address is invalid.  Google does not recognize it.  The app keeps crashing. I also have  6 email accounts set up through K-9, but the app only sends me notifications for one of them. They all have the same settings.
Frustrating, annoying, disappointing.  But I still use it, hoping it gets better.
Email client for power users.
Keeps crashing ever since I installed it. Horible. I'm sorry I ever gave it a chance
Fast and good look and easy to use
What's your plan for exchange 2010, office 365?
After years of use I am uninstalling due to the constant sync sticking issues and battery drain as of late..
I was looking for an email app for my moto x to replace the stock app which would not delete multi-emails.  I run Outlook on my desktop PC.  I installed K9 on my moto x yesterday and it was easy to set up.  Today I noticed that the emails on my PC did not match the emails on my moto x... some were missing from both; in other words if I have K9 running, the incoming emails go to K9 but are not duplicated on my PC email. Not good. I need ALL incoming emails on BOTH my phone AND PC. I looked though all of the settings - no help. I went online and tried for two hours to get help from K9... I am technically savvy, but getting help from K9 is impossible.  So unfortunately I uninstalled K9 and reinstalled the stock app that I don't like, but it works as it should. Thus the one star.  If I could have accessed some help without wasting my entire morning I would keep that app and give a higher rating. K9, if you're reading this please contact me and help me!
Seems to hang at random times.  Have to force stop and restart several times a day.
Rebooted phone and now my inbox is empty.  All emails are gone.
Does the job. K9 is miles ahead of the Samsung/android mail client. I have 7 email accounts I monitor using this app & I have no problem keeping everything separate & locatable using colour tags & different notification tones. 1 thing it's missing is the ability to NOT stop headphone audio every time an email is received. (But this maybe a Samsung issue)
Its good
This is a great software. Just want to suggest if you can add an option to change the read and unread color of your message list? The default colors are confusing. Also, please add a filtering functions so we can filter out spams.  Keep this software updated! Thanks
I love this app and have been using it for the past several years. However hey developers don't you think it's time to give us an option to turn on permanently the "show pictures" button. I am REALLY getting tired of hitting that button.
Not had the best experience and I'm uninstalling as I type this. Found it had a lot of connection errors when viewing an email. Also the app doesn't always display email correctly. Hey it may be my fault best personally I'm moving on to try another app.
I thought nothing could replace Thunderbird + Enigmail plugin.  How wrong was I... This App is awesome and you can use it with APG ... No bugs, simple GUI, and noon proof.... Its 5 stars from me. Thank you devs
Dinamico
Before I give my verdict!!!!!!
My only make complaint is that this app is constantly waking my phone, causing a battery drain. Anyway to use GCM for notifications so I can Greenify and not miss push notifications?
This was once the only email app I would ever use. But it has really gone downhill since. There are so many bugs it isn't even funny! Deleting emails and they just come back. Displays duplicates, even though the server is correct. Marking emails as read and they just come back as unread a few minutes later. Not to mention, this app doesn't even support S/MIME certificates for signing and encrypting emails. Oh, but they give you the option to use another app for this, but that app doesn't even support one of the most popular certificate types (S/MIME). If these devs get their acts together and bring this app back up to par, then I would be happy to try it again and rerate for more stars. But as it stands today, this app is not even worth 1 star.
Really usefull app. I love it!
I started with negative 85...received a frw...Down to negative 65 now!!
Just installed it, replacing the Email client that comes installed with the Nexus since that client doesn't support identities and deletes email from the server regardless of settings.  Love it so far!
opoo
Nice
Excelent, although the settings can be a little confusing at times.
5 stars fr it
I cannot even do a simple primary folder of the Gmail! Then,  on top of that, there is no help. Maybe I have 6 hours to find out and get lucky with lucky Google link. Open source,  typical.
Awesome!
Why did i get 2 inbox and notifications? I am using nexus 5 with exchange mail, please fix it. Thanks
Some read mail reappear as unread. How about a swipe and delete feature. Set these  right & you'll have earned 5plus.
If you want the best IMAP client for Android, this is it.
I have one issue. I set the option in certain account to leave unread. The problem is that even emails that are read already get marked as unread.
Manages my multiple accounts with ease ignore all other mail apps.
Has a ton of advanced features that other don't offer for free. Plus it's open source.
Great e-mail client, very convinient and clean UI.  The only drawback for me is the lack of opportunity to show messages from one sender in a separate folder. The app manages to do so only if the subject of conversation is preserved, but I often have messeges from the same sender with different subjects
This has been a great app on previous versions. However, this version does not send emails to IMAP.
Great app love it!!
The interface is extremely intuitive, and makes reading mail on my tablet a pleasure.  The multiple selection feature makes sorting and mail handling just as easy as on a full sized computer.  Finally, there are numerous ways of customizing the settings so you get exactly what you want.  Highly recommended!
Android missing App. Could improve a bit the UI as always (UI is a WIP in android in general), but the overall experience worth the time it takes to switch all email account to it. It would be wonderful to give the ability to new user to import config from other installed app, btw.
All I need - In this app.
Great email app but CPU and memory usage problem still happening. Using up to 43% CPU at times. Causes overheating and severe battery drain. Fixes dont fix problem. Still needs to be fixed. Nothing done about it though for months now. Not sure why. ?
Does what I need it to do.
I honestly liked it till I found out it won't support Exchange 2010 ... now it's of no use to me
Never had the problem before but now, old emails (those read already) keep popping up as new unread mails especially after you deleted some recent emails... Not serious but irritating... getting seriously irritating!!
Its okey
Great app for polling and reading email. U use this with multiple email accounts. The colour coding is great for unified view. Great work.
Fast and easy to configure
Awful design
Pl improve speed.  Great app. Any plans for simultaneous account check?
Great email app for traveling. Fetches my pop mail, leaves what I keep on the server and removes what I delete. Much better than the built in app.
Some POP3 server Settings not filled correctlyThen not worked some Port setting {like rediffmail}... then it's OK... 
Have been using this from the S1 days. Have developed leaps and bounds. Very nice
It caused my phone to sieze several times, and I had to pull the battery to reboot. Worked great while it worked. I'm using a HTC Inspire, 2.3.6.
I love this app. It gives me exactly what I want, a simple list of emails I receive. But it is pretty customizable and you can have it do more like show pictures of people who emailed you and color coding ect. I have 2 email addresses going into one inbox. And best of all 100% FREE with NO ADS !!! It does have a default signature with K9 in it but you can turn it off.
Just perfect you can also chose where you can storage your emails file ;-)
Even though I enter my password correctly it doesn't accept it, says that mail or password is wrong. I checked opening the same account through a browser but didn't find any problem there!
Great app with intuitive customisable features. Only problem is that after certain polls, it keeps displaying random messages as unread.
Still the best app for multiple mail accounts. Just wished people would change the app for enabling older version to be used if required, but i realise that's Google not the developers.
seems to work well. I like the layout The one thing that is missing is a widget that shows unread emails... that would put it over the top as a 5 star
The only think I would like to see in addition is the ability to move back to inbox accidentally deleted messages.
Simply Fast
A great alternative! Made the switch because the stock e-mail client couldn't sync anything except inbox due to folder structure. But I'm hugely missing support for IMAP keywords! In order to tag from the phone and get the tags synchronised to Thunderbird and (Roundcube) webmail.
This is a great program that has lots of features. If you're unhappy with your phone's built-in email client, or want advanced features, this is the app for you.
Good
I have tried them all and keep coming back to K-9.
Works great. Doesn't drain batery. One small problem. Button "mark read" in notification area doesn't work. And when you mark read in app,it doesn't clear it from notifications.
Does exactly what I want.
If you hate to grab your laptop every time for email, this will be your best buddy, a must have app. Big Thanks to dev. Team.. Cheers,
I switched to this because I moved all my mail back to IMAP and the default mail app was not saving my sent emails. Now I have all my received and sent synced up. If I send it from Thunderbird i see it sent on the phone and vice versa.  Lots more options than the default app too.
Unlike Cloud Mail and Blue Mail, your mail and mail account security are not retained on a vulnerable pass-through server possibly in a questionable country. Features may not be as extensive as other apps now, but its open-source contributor base is very active.
I have been used it for few years. In last  3 days your f..king application spent my 2 gb of internet at background and now my bill will be enormous. Im really disapoint and i removed it immidiatelly. Never ever have me as you your fan. Last month and i didnt notice, also fu..ed my bill...please rest of you ppl be careful. Ivan Ristic
Excellent mail client and thank you very much Jesse. This has solved all my frustrations with large attachments not being downloaded and has also made the sent messages accessible again..... two major shortcomings of the default email. Very nicely done and thank you.
Dealbreaker bug: Emails duplicating notifications, cant stop the loop. I have to uninstall (Sg S5)
After 1 week of usage for some reason now when i read an email the app still show the email as unread. When i go to my inbox in my laptop the emails appear as not read. So for some reason the app stopped notifying the server that emails hav been read in my phone. Also two inboxes???!!"
But now it's sucking my battery bone dry using 55%+!! of all app resource usage. Forced to uninstall so I can actually step out the door without my battery being empty in no time.
If you need an android email client then just go grab K9!
Whenever I try to sync my gmail accounts (each with 5k+ emails) the app crashes every few minutes
It's support mail attachments from Google Drive. Grrrreeeaaattt..!
Please provide Apple ios s version also... I love to have it in my iPad
Yeiii
Cant import email accounts! Couldnt test well..
Had a great run with this one. Moved on to blue mail for testing. It's a great app but handling of heavy mail account and server search non satisfactory.
Ugly and old
K9 team, you have an awesome app. I would ask that you consider one enhancement.  When someone has to make back-to-back calls, the K9 app tries to sync every time data is available, not by the time interval requested by the user, delaying the ability to make calls. It causes me to turn off sync, which defeats the purpose of time intervals anyway. Thanks for a great app.
Featureless email app, uninstalled.
Just took this almost 2 hours to refresh despite having a 17meg download speed
Normally, I love this app much. But I don't know since when, I can't send email through this app. Always fail. It's different if I use browser.
I tried aquamail, solmail, maildroid... Simply said: there is no competition!  thanks for this great app
One suggestion. You could create different smtp server setting for wifi and mobile connections with auto selection. This would make a lot of people's life with private domains easier on ee network for example. Great app!
Easy to use, good looking email app
Auto decryption needed. It would be better if I can read decrypted mails catched on my phone instead of pressing "decrypt" button again and again.
Extremely powerful and user friendly. What else u need?
Using parallel with other apps as replacement for standard mail installed on my Android phone.  This one works very smoothly and quickly.  No annoying banner ads a definite plus!  Likely keep.
But the dog icon is creepy.
It's basically impossible to select a text. If I move the cursor of my selection down, the mail scrolls down, if I move it up, the mail scrolls up ! First time that I witness such a bugged selection tool on Android. And I saw some nasty ones. I keep it for a few weeks hoping for a fix. Or I'll move on to sthg else. Samsung S3 Mini. Android 4.1.2.
Does everything it should and does it very well.
I have two accounts from different providers and both function like clockwork on K9. This app makes my yahoo mail  actually work, unlike yahoo's solutions.
Not getting emails in spam folder. Spam emails is not retriving.
Very hard setting....  uninstaled,  no hotmail support
Great
email is always a hassle to configure, and I found it confusing trying to setup which folders to display, but ultimately this is my preferred app. its fast, very customisable, can bypass android sync option, doesn't drain battery, has a backup option which does not save your email password.
It's the best client I found so far. Perfect to work with encryption with AUG.
Not bad at all now
Excellent
Even obeys and is compatible with more obscure IMAP configurations.
Even after deleting an email. It shows the same email again and again
This is a _really_ good app, I love it.  Open source, practical, stable and loads super fast, even on very old devices.  What more could you ask for!?
This use to be the best email app ever but either through the recent update or them updating the server I cant connect to my exchange email anymore, not even using IMAP, forcing me to use some other crappy email app instead that doesn't have the simple awesome feature k9 has.
The icon is what really bugs me. Red envelope seems like 'spam'. I wish it was at least green in colour. Whole new icon would be much better.  Besides the icon, everything is very good. I use it everyday. Being open-source is another reason I use (support) this app. Thank you devs.
docking two stars for that icon. yeah, TWO. that icon, my god. come on guys. that is a huge embarrassment.
Hands down
Way better than gmail app
Great
Wowow
Gooood app
Many options and very reliable
When I tap "down load complete mail" for partially downloaded mail, it displays some other mail. I have found this bug now only. Earlier such  bug wasn't seen. It was perfectly working. I have rated 3 stars for this particular inconsistency in the app.
I have installed the app and amazingly for first one week everything works fine with the ms exchange server.  Alas suddenly the inbox stops showing up the messages since the folder displays with 'ioexception error with cod'.  I thought probably the whole app become incompatible with the ews, but found sent items is working fine.  All the emails that are sent to the corp addr and personal one are correctly delivered.  Any clue suggestion from k9 development group ?
Great app. Useful features. Perfect for managing multiple mailboxes.
Used to be 5 stars before the update. It's now very sluggish on my Note 2 running Kit Kat. Still usable but not as slick as before.
I've been using this program for years.   Recently my phone gives me a notification that I have new email.   I go to my inbox and see the new email and then it disappears.   I'm set up using Imap and the email client is GoDaddy.  Godaddy blames the phone or K9.  The on board email program don't do this.   I log into Web mail for Godaddy and the disappearing email is still in my inbox.   There is a syncing problem.   Searching the Internet I find this is a problem.
I don't know why but there's nothing inside just load 25 more mails and when I do its still nothing
The best email client with power features and extreme customizability.  Only thing it lacks is the progress bar for downloading and uploading.
I need the feature moving this program to the sd card. My email is huge. Otherwise this program is perfect. I need security and it workd flawlessly using SSL/TLS and IMAP. I never miss an email, the program never crashes. And I get emails fast.
It really isn't the developer's fault, it is most likely Verizon. I've noticed verizon makes many services hang on their 4g network. Sorry I had to uninstall it. I might try it again at a later date.
Need image resizer in this app
I'm extremely satisfied with this.  I am in an industry that requires a responsive functional email client. This actually receives, and sends gmail messages faster than the android gmail app by google!  And even PGP and viewing message headers?? This is great! The only complaint I have is that I'm unable to search messages and that are on an IMAP server.  The search function hangs.  Please fix this.  I'm still rating this 5 stars. *****  I fully support open source software on Android.
For some reason, this client does not allow you to send email to groups.  The lack of this feature is a deal breaker for me.  I'll try it again if/when this gets added...
Will be 5 stars from me when include some feature to help manage large number of emails: quickly select many of them to then later delete or forward or move to another folder etc
Best mail client for Android, hands down.
The main bug which entitles you to score 1 star to this server is that it doesn't remember the addressee you previously filled in. Every time you need to send email to an address,  every time you need to write the address fully again and again - it doesn't save it never! Very uncomfortable
After a morning of searching and infuriating failures of other apps, I came to K9. I tried Google, Outlook, and all the others. I even tried some payware. None of them came anywhere close to matching the functionality and ease-of use/setup as K9. Where Microsoft and Google have failed, a group of independent developers have succeeded. Thank you guys for having brains and the ability to use them.   Now if we can just get the icon changed... Honestly it was the silly, superficial reason I didn't come here first.
The best Application compared with similar App because with this app you have all below options : 1- you can send bcc without need to input original reception (to) 2- you can sort email by read/unread message and have other options 3- you can edit email and delete             previous sender.  in the other simular apps you haven't all options in app
Not bad but not excellent. Gmail ok.  But Hotmail not get mail
if possible please make it work with Samsung gear, so we can have notifications and read short email. Thank you!  For the users, one of the best email application
Very Okay Ap
Just installed it, tested it & seems to be doing what it`s supposed to do pretty well. One major objection, I think it should be password protected. Is it possible? Thank you! :-)
Can't able to create new account n moto g
Unlike other email apps k9 doesnt alter your emails header so identity is ensured (spf, dkim...)..
Only missing newest exchange version support but otherwise it's a great app.
Alternative for mozilla thunderbird
One of the best email clients for Android. Handles most email types with ease. Although some exchange accounts will not work
The app has gone through a number of struggles as they moved to the new view / model, but has gotten much faster and reliable. Excellent product once again-> moving my 1 star to 5.
Use to love the product but the sync of folders and search for emails is getting bad. Sometimes making me feel stupid infront of the customer cause I know I sent them an email and I can't find it on the phone even if I force load more emails. Come to my computer at the office and there is the email in the sent folder. Sync is getting bad. But for basic email the product is still good.
Frequently gets stuck synching and will go on forever until I force quit the app. Annoying, but it's the best client I've found otherwise.
I can't attach html signature :( please add this option
It gets some old mails n while syncing n auto sync is bad and keeps running
This is what I was looking for. Thanks.
Used to be great, but... Since the devs stopped listening to users it has become useless if you use ssl self signed certs on SUPPORTED operating systems. Devs say it is insecure. Thats MY problem, not theirs. Now have to find something that WORKS instead of this now useless piece of junk.
scary
Cannot get ride of the all inbox and unified messages inbox. Fix this,I used to be able to get rid of these from the view.
Wouldn't connect to my yahoo mail on the quick setup..... So i couldn't be bothered to figure it out. Aqua Mail connected straight away.
It does what I need.
Simple and effective, love the dark theme! Froze up a bit when talking to the server (Motorola Atrix 4G), I disabled "poll when connected to push" in advanced fetch settings. Now it works so much smoother! Thanks!
This is by far one of the best email apps on the market! Very functional, fast and reliable...
Great improvement with the last update and gui overhaul. There seems to be a few glitches but overall much better! Haven't tried pushing yahoo but I didn't see anything about that in the notes so I'm sure it hasn't been addressed. As of last night in no longer able to send or receive any emails in any of my gmail accounts. It says syncing is disabled but it isn't. Maybe gmail decided it needs a new password again...
Better GUI and lots of useful customizations.  Plus the mascot is one of the best characters from Doctor Who.
After all this time I decided to reinstall this program amd still no icon alert for new unread mail. All other email programs do it like aqua mail. Why not k9?
Much better than the stock app but on my phone when I view the Unified inbox and try to delete some messages received, it stops working. Update: latest version fixed my issue. Excellent!!
Beats AT&T Email !
The best and only android mail appp you will ever need.
Like
Doesn't sync, doesn't load mails on my Samsung S4. Deleting.
K9 is causing excessive battery drain and lag on my note 2. Uninstalling if there isn't a fix soon. I charge my phone three times a day since the kitkat update and my battery app says k9 is the culprit
Using it for the last 2 years or so, never seen a hichup. If something works, does not worth changing. 5 stars, cheers.
It's "okay" but overly complicated for nothing, and their documentation is plain horrible or simply wrong.
I have a free email using Microsoft free custom domain. I can log into web-based email server but still in vain with k9.  4 star.
The best email app so far. Supports email accounts of any type. Great customizations features. The user interface has also seen some vast improvements. Keep up the good work
I was enjoying K9 until I realized that push won't retrieve your messages for IMAP setup. Major chink in the armor of this app. Can't use until fixed . I recommend not using this app until this is addressed.
Could we have more themes? Otherwise it works well.
Love the sheer amount of customisation available and how polished this app is. But I really can't pull myself away from the Gmail app just yet due to one simple missing feature. Swipe to delete!
Number one battery consumer on my phone
I really love this email client
Auto account setup doesn't even work with Hotmail. It lets me try to sync my improperly set up account and then crashes.
Functional and stable. Pleasure to use!
Sometimes it keeps on syncing (send receive)and never stops  if there is no internet connection.  Please add 'stop 'or 'cancel' button for syncing in notification bar.
The all-in-one mail app k9 manages gmail, yahoo, gmx and many more!!!  Works perfect!!!
Missing a very basic feature: multi-touch select.  Even BlackBerry had multi-touch multi-select YEARS ago.  Please add this.
I can connect to hotmail but not to gmail account.  Is frustrating!  App seems good but if i cant have all my email in one place what is the purpose of the app?  I verified my account name and password are correct with my gmail account.  Any help is appreciated.
Been using it for a couple of years now. Works well.
Like deleting several mails at once without opening or  clicking on a link inside a twitter app notification email does not work on a Samsung galaxy s4.
Locking UI. Remarking also already read mails as unread. Sometimes 5 sec UI lockups showing black display and no reaction - naturally remembers all pushed exit keys and you end up exited app. Read the key buffer empty first! And do not remember 5+ sec typing - but these all are caused by poor multithreading implementation, locking, and prioritization. //arl
Thanks to Google's meddling, KitKat block's this app's ability to save file attachments to the SD card like we used to. Although this isn't this app's fault per se, it does keep me from giving it the 5 stars it deserves.
Great app for anyone with multiple email addresses.  Once set up it simply does the job well - can't ask for more.
Latest update has ruined k9 for me.  It's gone from a 5 star best email app to unusable.  Today it took 70% of my battery power!
Only way to access M$Exchange servers and anything else for that matter. Thanks!
Best email app, better than the default email app in android.
Excellent
A bit confusing at first (at least to me).  But I am going to stick with it. Especially like the spam filter.  Thanks for all your efforts.  Peace.
Really after some ifs and buts I installed this app but its amazing, supports all types of mail accounts and easiest to deal with those accounts.... love it.. thanks developers.. great  work!!
Push is so unreliable that it's more reliable to turn on polling, and not all folders in my Gmail account are accessible in this client (and for no good reason, I might add. I have "show all folders" enabled). If this works for you, then enjoy using what the best email client available for Android. Chances are though, you will have the experience I am having. I'll try again in a few months and see if the bugs are fixed.
Great app lovely work Can you please add the ability to group messages by sender ;      so that we can easily delete or move a bunch of messages efficiently.
Great functionality. Using for Yahoo and Gmail. Make sure you set the accounts up as imap to make folder syncing better.
It won't sync my mail for me...I have to do it manually. That is fine for those accounts that I don't need to check on a regular basis. Tried searching for help on how to fix that and found nothing. Guess I will be looking for a different email app.
So far, the best email app available... works similar to blackberry email with speed and accuracy
Fast, has good features & a nice look, all my accounts in one place. I've disabled all the built in email programs on my phone in favor of K-9.
its shows syncing disabled. i am unable to find to activate the same . i have check manual for new mail. please suggest. rest are working fine.
It's a pretty decent email application. The only fault I find with is its inability to correctly resize emails to fit the page. A high enough percentage emails received are too large for the screen. The auto fit feature is no longer in the menus.
Very much satisfied. 100% recommended
Nice and useful app.  However,  its power consumption is very high...
This is a great replacement for the Yahoo Mail app. The most recent update has provided an option to place the signature before the quoted response or after the quoted response. That was my only complaint in earlier versions, thank you so much for fixing it!
Frequently stops receiving mail. Pain in the butt. I use it but wish it were more reliable.
The UI in this application is quite well done. Unfortunately many features are missing or available in a broken way. In particular PGP/MIME support is missing (inline only support with a plug in), and exchange support is way behind the times (supports 2007 or older). From the looks of the bug trackers, neither will be forthcoming anytime soon, which is sad because it's actually a rather nice program otherwise. For now the email app that's built in to the Note 3 covers these & more.
Best in the biz
My k-9 not setting up my go Daddy office 365 exchange server. Frustrating
Alright this app is amazing it's great for Whovian ' s and it's great for people who get tons of mail no complaints it's just perfect
Easy to use, powerful and multimail
A great app
Does what paid apps do
Love this app!!!! The best!!!
Most powerful
Lacks caned (ready made) responses though.
App was nice...but it drains lots of phone battery..    Pardeep
I use this to access my yahoo, gmail and godaddy email. Much less ram used as compared to 3 different email apps running in the background hogging memory.
Mostly pretty satisfied. I can have all my e-mail accounts in one place and check them once in a while, answer them, organise them, save drafts, upload images and so on. However I don't get notifications upon receiving new e-mails nor do the appear in the inbox unless I manually click or motion for a refresh. I initially didn't care as I wanted to avoid using mobile data but I am now getting more data and don't care when I am on WiFi. So I activated background sync when auto-sync is checked ( which it is).
Killing my data plan since the update!
New email notification - not working!
Love it
This  was a perfect app for over 2 years.  The latest update no longer syncs with my IMAP.  Please fix and it will be perfect again.  If not I will have to uninstall and find something else
Great app! I just need not to log in again & again like in gmail.
7/7/14...I like it! Still trying to get the feel of it but I think it's gonna be a keeper. Thanks dev!    (  ) UPDATE ON 7/10/14: Welp, not so sure I like it after all. It's not letting me view one email address at a time but instead, it's combining them all together...even though I strictly click on one address. Plus that, I deleted a bunch of old folders from my OutLook account but when I checked my email with K-9, all the folders that I deleted are still showing. Needless to say...I won't be keeping this app after all...I don't much care for migraines. Uninstalling.
Awesome...
This is quite possibly the best Android email app I have ever seen. Small, fast, simple to use, full featured, no ridiculous permissions.
This full version is FREE and full of great features!
After the new update my emails will not send. No settings have been changed.
This app doesn't update the yahoo email accounts automatically. The app has to be refresh every time to see the new emails.  One more thing i noticed which is missing is: it doesn't show is it up to date or not.   The application is getting stuck updating yahoo account drafts folder and never finishes until app is force stopped. This is costing battery and network data.
Ever since owning my first Android YEARS ago while also employed with Blackberry specializing in their world reknowned 3rd party/hosted mail services (BIS, not BES), K9 was the first 3rd party mobile mail client I chose to replace the hideous stock mail client and test against BIS. Hands down K9 put BIS to shame. To this day there hasn't been another mail client for android that can hold a candle to K9 as far as reliability, ease of use, pleasant/professional UI design and customization options. Get this!
Es genial, rapido y eficaz
Good
Doesn't reflect the app truly. It's way less versatile. Aquamail is better when it comes to all these small annoying k9 problems. I deleted it and use the android app and aqua mail
I won't give it 5 stars until it gets a spam filter which also supports POP accounts. Other than that, great job
Very handy
One thing will be nice though. To multiselect like the google client by clicking on the icon. Still 5 stars.
incredible mail client
Multiple drafts bug
Deleted the stock email app & converted K-9 as system app. I love its great ui & unbelivable performence.
I suggest you stay away from the K9 app. After I installed it, my SPAM spiked. I mean went crazy. I don't know if they are selling their email list or are easily hacked, but it's horrible. It's ironic, too. I liked how this app appeared to deal with SPAM. Man, was I in for a surprise.
Once you have 1000+ emails things get slows, and worse, the app crashes a lot.  If you are a light user of email this will work OK for you.
Muito leve e rapido. Muito bom tanto para usuarios leigos como para avancados.
great App i really recommand to use it! if you need to controll your email  that's the best way.. :) very good!  i give it 10 stars!  : )
I needed an app to replace the broken yahoo email app. Way better app than Yahoo's. Thanks k-9 team.
Unable to connect to a server during setup.
But fantastic app!  I wish the icon would get updated to something more professional looking.
Ok but lame. Old feature. Not modern. Basic need is there. Quite not friendly user for certain user, sometime users are typical particular. Not up to date genre. Make it looks more futuristic.
I use it everyday to access my company mails.
I especially appreciate how easy it is to delete messages and clear the trash bin, something Android's standard mail app couldn't do.
Rapido, pratico, interface limpa. O unico que gerencia mais de 1000 emails.
The client would be awesome if it actually pushed email accounts
...and by far the fastest client I've found for previewing lots of consecutive messages. Best of the best! Keep up the good work guys.
Very useful if you have multiple accounts from multiple providers.  Everytime I install a new rom, I promptly delete 'mail' and 'GMail' app and install K9 Mail.
K9 mail intermittently crashes when replying after latest update
It had been my go to email app for through 3 android phones.  Supports my pebble watch.  Sadly I use it mainly to view attachments send by my security camera.   It now requires me to click download compete message, show attachment, etc etc.   What a tedious process just to see my attachments.   Thank you for all the years but I have moved on.
Found no issue with it. Good email app for android.
Connection error when trying to read 1 of my important emails. Yet it worked on gmail site.   All he new mail i get is blank. No text. Edit.  Used nearly all my mobile data. Hunk of junk app. Used 1.3gig of data prob syncing or some bs.  Update still cant download some attachments connection error.
Hi, devs, I would like to see a feature that Aqua Mail has: remember sender so that program always downloads entire message! Please add this!
Thanks...
After the last update it sucked my battery to 0% in a few hours!!
Since the last update even when I read an email, 2 minutes later it says the email is unread. Only gave it one star to attract attention to this issue. This is a 5 star app otherwise and has been perfect in the past. I easily imported all my settings from my previous phone. Good feature
Powerful settings. Slow as molasses.
The nice app push email..
This app no longer opens on my samsung galaxy note since the last update. It just has a black screen for a few seconds and then closes back to my home screen. Please fix this or i have to uninstall...Update! Reinstalling fixed the problem, works perfect now.
I was unable to set up more than one account. I searched but could not find a way to add another account.
Really bad battery drain since last update.
This app will sometimes devour background data and battery juice. Had to disable background data for k-9
Awesome
Useful
Just please no updates.  Leave it alone
Nothing better than K9 mail. Love it.
Love
Since today's update on my LG G2 my emails are disappearing and reappearing right before my eyes.
Would be great for receiving GnuPG-encrypted mail, but it supports only inline PGP messages, which are widely discouraged and which most email programs don't do by default.  It's too much of a hassle to ask everyone sending you email to change the settings on their end to use inline instead of MIME just so you can read your email on your Android device.
Perfect
One of the best email apps around
Becomes my main email client beside the one that came with android
Can be used to access office email.
Great app, when the dog whistles your mail is ready
Hangs on Asus tablet all the time, but works quite well elsewhere for me.
SO happy to have the move message bug fixed! (I could read and Mark message but any attempt to move it except for deletion meant the all crashed. NO MORE! And I'm working with a rather large email account via IMAP. I hated losing access to an exchange server and using Touchdown, but this app is a great replacement tool!)
Best app and works great
I can't get push mail from my yahoomail. I must refresh manually.
What happened to the check boxes so you can delete only the messages you want to not all or one at a time I liked it when I could check 2-3 and delete then read the ones I wanted to please bring back the check boxes
Brilliant.
Nice app, but one complaint so far: there doesn't seem to be any way to copy or move emails between accounts.
Very best mail application client for android. Thanks to developer .. perfect email client among all
Works great on my older phone as well as my tablet!
Fantastic
Why isn't there an option to identify an outgoing email as high priority?
The main thing killing this at he moment is no office 365 support.
Still great to use, still needs a new icon :)
Excelent
All a poweruser needs, I have been using K-9 for many years, already had IMAP Push before BlackBerries became popular, made me laughing on everybody who took a run for one... And still K-9 is the first app I install on a new Android device, anybodies new android device :-)
Still receiving the old version through the Play Store. Even after uninstalling! Galaxy Nexus Android 4.2.2
It's only gotten better over time, Doesn't need Sync to be on which can drain the battery something rotten. And the Mac like Unified Inbox makes it easier to read your mails, instead of having to pop in and out of multiple Inboxes.
Best mail app on the market. Love it. Keep it up!
Very useful for mails from multiple mailboxes. Better than installing an app for each provieder. I also love that this is an open source project.
This new one is straight up BORING. Not to mention it blends in with every other notification. K9 controls my most important email and shouldn't blend in with anything.
It just works!
Since last update, unable to launch app. And even FC while in the background.
Uses a huge amount of data.
Wanted an OWA client but couldn't connect.
Hi there guys. This app is the best app for emails till date. I hope that it stays on my phone for ever.
The extra click for attachment downloading is wack, zooming doesn't seem to work as well, and I could be wrong but it seems like K9 just started spinning my data usage out of control after the update.
Good app
Very good.
lots of features and settings, but still plain and straightforward. good job
Works great on Android. IMHO, could do with a better aesthetic look.
Simply the best
Still some RFEs I'm waiting on (like pgp/mime and s/mime) but no other client does those reliably yet either.
Lots of features, very configurable.
Can't fault what it does.  Possible improvements would be to vary polling frequency on working hours,  although even polling every minute doesn't use much data.
The best IMAP client out there
Works very well and is very configurable
Far better than stock client, with some quirks. Problems on Droid Maxx they won't fix. Really need a paid version so bugs/enhancements are fixed faster.
Easy to use
Absolute perfection, this is everything an IMAP/POP client should be with none of the garbage. Highly configurable while still user friendly, light weight, and super reliable.
Hey guy. When k-9 Support exchange 2010 or 2013?
Works well for my multiple accounts
I am signed in to five different emails from one app! So long to switching between Gmail, Outlook, and yahoo, since this one supports every format I've thrown at it. Only thing I would love to see in future updates is more visual flare and perhaps a new icon, but those are minor gripes.
For me, better than the bundled email app.  Installed this to my colleague's S4 too because her default email app is not working the way it should be after updating to 4.4.2.
Actually not a bad app, especially the customization of different email accounts.  EXCEPT that it does not actually send any attachments. What's worse is that it SAYS they are sent, but no one ever receives the attachment.
Long live K9
There are some minor bugs or annoyances with the user interface, but it does its job well.
Nice app still waiting for some of the beta features of come to the stable release like support for OpenKeychain
The app stops working and crashes when use pop...but when using imap it works fine withouy any crashes...please fix this issue...as this app is the only perfect email app in the market...
with my schools email server
I like this program ....but need to print sometimes and not an option.
Cannot see what's new email. Stupid colours mean nothing just confuse. Y change to make it crapper than before??????
K9 hooked it up! I have pics again in my emails!
Love the app, especially the logo and name. Doctor Who is the best.
If there is a HELP file that comes with this app... where is it?
You guys, enjoy! More settings and functionality than most!
Bisher schon immer gut gewesen und jetzt mit dem neuen Design und den neuen Funktionen noch viel besser. Eines der Killerfeatures ist die APG-Integration, um Mails signieren und verschlusseln zu konnen. Weiter so!
After my LG Pro upgraded to Kit Kat, K9 has become really slow.
Wasted over an hour on trying to display only inbox and sent mails in conversations. Guess what - it is not supported! The sent/inbox messages of the same thread are separately displayed, so after sending a mail you are left wondering what you've just written, without an easy way to read all messages in the same thread.
You take too long ro respond to email about issue with emails show up as arrived but I've already open and read the emails...
When deleting a message in K9 for a hotmail account it remains on the server. Settings have been double checked several times and are correct. POP deletion is enabled in my hotmail account.  A real shame as otherwise it's a fantastic email client.
After suffering with stock email app on KitKat, I tried this and its brilliant! Well done!
Mail doesn't delete from server and doesn't load most emails
It has worked well for me across many different phones. It's my go to email app!
Exchange mail does not work (IOexception error). Other apps work.
Great app
Loved the interface. Its an amazing app where all accounts are merged at once.
While sending e-mail from K-9, socket timeout exception always occurs, while other mail applications are easily able to send mails.
I've used K-9 for over a year and it's always been awesome.  Very customizable, and I love the quiet time setting which allows you to silence it during certain hours of the day.  Since the most recent update, however, there have been many problems.  The app no longer notifies me when I have new mail on my Gmail account; I have to open up the app and look.  Even worse, it's draining my battery like crazy.  Please fix or I'll have to uninstall!
Great email app.
I was looking for an email server to replace the default one on android phone. The default wouldn't allow my emails to stay deleted. When I looked up how to fix it all the advice kept saying to get this server. I had it for 2 days and deleted it.  First I couldn't delete a lot of emails at one time. It was either all and I then I had to uncheck the emails I wanted to keep or delete one at a time. I like how the default email categorizes it by date. Also the kept telling me there was a connection error.
No folders to sort saved mail
Which renders this app useless. Lots of spam comes through, and no way to teach the app to stop it. There are far better alternatives to this odd, sad app.
Once you export your K9 settings to your new device, its impossible to open the .k9s attachment, even to email or copy it.  Otherwise fabulous  piece of software! Very robust, light an simple to use. Overall well done.
Show the last time the mail was physically updated within the app on the mail folders so we know if we need to do a manual sync. The built in Motorola email does this...
If you find the default stock email app too spartan and want more control over which folder to sync more often than the rest as an example, this app is for you. The UI could perhaps use a bit more bling but it's good at what it does.
Always shoeing synch disabled
God help you if you lose your connection in the middle of a poll.
Was horrified today to find that this app has a major power problem. On average it sucks up in excess of 3 times more than the screen does. 63% battery usage taken by an Email program. No wonder I'm always in trouble for battery life. Have to remove this app now
An excellent, ad-free and open-source email client for Android, with IMAP & POP3 support. IMO, currently, it's the closet thing you'll get to Mozilla Thunderbird on Androidwell, for now at least.
Loses accounts occasionally and cannot login or send. Must fully reinstall to fix
Needs to enable the option in Fetching email during Peak Hour time / off peak hour setting. Now option is there Poll option. its for common only. not for peak hour and off peak hours. example Peak hours we need to check every 10 mins but off peak hours/ night time, we need to fetch mail for every 4 hours or 3 hours. so needs to update this area. otherwise awesome apk..Application is very very nice.
Personal best so far. Hate the icon app though, haha. Also, i wonder if you can make the app smaller, like under 2MB, without significantly reducing ux quality.
It is OK....better than the stock android email client but it isn't working on 4.4.3 ...notification not working
Was struggling with the bloated yahoo mail app. This is a small, fast and full featured software at one third the size. Wonderful thing was integration with the contacts and calender which was not available with yahoo's native app.
A very good Yahoo and Hotmail alternative mail client
Used to be a great email client for droid. Heat revision seems to get more bloated and slower. App now socks. I don't need your email on my phone to look all pretty. Just show me my freaking email, and let me reply. that's all I'm looking to do on my phone
I have yet to find a mail client to my liking. Until then, this one is fine.
I love this client for various reasons including that it is open source and allows for using GPG. But it generates thousands of wakelocks in a few hours draining my battery.
Best emailing app ever
I have been using it for 6 months and it's amazing. I use this to handle all my work emails and it does the job WELL! Almost the same as being in front a computer when mobile
No matter what I do it does not delete emails from server. Frustrating.  Otherwise a winner.
Deceptively simple looking, this is a highly configurable and functional email app.  Multiple account syncs and individual message loads are quite snappy on my Moto X.  It also performs much better than the default Android email app, and with none of the quirks I'd previously experienced using a paid-for competitor.
By far the easiest phone mail app to set up that I've ever used. Interface is clean, yet I want to be able to send a draft I've saved but there isn't an option for that. I have people sending me texts telling me they've sent email & wondering why I haven't replied to it - explaining that I haven't gotten it is starting to sound contrived.
Supports IMAP and POP3.
Pretty good, yet to find a better one. I use it for 2 hotmail and 1 gmail account. Unfortunately due to the lack of activsync i cant use it for my other emails, otherwise it would be almost perfect.
You can't quickly pick multiple emails to delete 3 clicks to puck each one. KILLS BATTERY. My battery normally lasts all day by 2 pm I was at 10%
UI is looking a little dated. Still my preferred app. Blue Mail has a better look but slower push
If like me, after several updates your installation is 20MB+, uninstall then reinstall back to 7MB. Only app I know that can save the messages to your SD card.
Cant search emails?  Wow.  Uninstalling.  Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 running 4.4.2
Best email app for Android I've found
this is the best email app i've found. but i have many accounts in it and i renamed them, now there's no place (not even in settings) to see the actual email address that those names are. so now i have to go online and cross-reference all my email accounts to tell which is which.
I'd love to see an undelete or move option...
K-9 is the answers of my mails box menagement. Download it to finish your mail box management too.!
Getting lots of old mail again.. No matter how much I delete them they keep coming back.. This is the reason I got a new email app in the first place. Exhibit II
Works first time every time
Not work
The new upgrade is great! The user pictures make it easier to find a letter in your inbox and you can still do everything that it use to, even deleting more than one e-mail at a time. You just slide your finger over the letter instead of tapping it.
I'm using this app on all of my Android devices. I have replaced the built in email apps with K9 and found it much more reliable. I would love that the icon shows the number of unread email on the homepage. Great job.
Love this app. Simple to use
Great app. Functions well and has a great selection of functions.
Had a brief spot of trouble adding my mail account - until I noticed that for some reason it populated both incoming and outgoing server names with mail.<account.com> (Not telling you who my provider is lol.  Also unhappy that it chose the non SSL account setting by default, however changed these over simply enough and is now happily downloading mail from my account.  Don't like the different colours at the start of each message either, but appart from that it works.
Email hassle
This is what you've been looking for. It's light, fast, functional, and intuitive.
I refresh my inbox all the time but my new mail never shows up.
Free-Open Source, a complete set of options to personalize your client to the smallest detail.  IMAP-idel is very usefult on a cell pone, and works pretty well with k9
Do the job like i want it
Works as advertised, great program.   Replaces the stock email client quite nicely!
This is a new kit kat 4.4 restriction but it removes one of the reasons I chose K9....1) saving space on my S4 with SD storage, and 2) easy pop email settings backup.
Got the app for about a year now, pretty happy with it. BUT..since last update it beeps every damn time i get an email although i have set it to download emails in 3 hour intervals. Pretty annoying!
Improving. But seems to be using too much battery? 5 min composing emails uses 10% battery on nexus 4! No folder  management?
I get a lot of mail and this app has been absolutely the best at helping me manage it.   There is so much flexibility with the options that it just makes me smile whenever I open it up.  This app has everything I'm looking for in a email client!   Thank you for making this available.
Plz add arabic in laste versoins
I upgraded to version 4.803 from version 4.200.  Big mistake!  The new version is very, very slow when looking at the inbox or reading an email.  I tried what the developer recommends for this.  (resetting all the mail folders in K9)  That made it a little faster.  I was forced to reinstall version 4.200 and now K9 is fast once again.  I have an HTC Evo 5 which is a fast phone, so it is not the phone.
New icon, pleeeeeeeease
Ever.since i.installed.it my.battery is.dead.in a few hours.
5 stars for translucent status and nav bars
this app solved my email problem. my midclass android has bad email default app.   plus : -. conversation mode -. unified inbox multiple account -. unread box multiple account  minus :  -. i still have difficulties on setting exchange corporate email account  great app, keep improving.
STILL lacks the very basic ability to create a new IMAP folder which is ridiculous for an email client!
I recently got a new Android device and absolutely hated the default email program! Installed K-9 and fell in love. This is one of the best email programs on Android. Definitely recommend.
Glad i finally updated, so far so good.  Glad you brought the multiple select boxes back.
Impossible to set up so uninstalled
Using it past 1 yr and seen it improve. It is what I wanted clean, cute, simple, open source
I needed an andoid imap client with the ability to change the email and reply-to headers.  I use an anonymous mailbox, and don't want it's address in the headers.  K9 does this quite well, albeit that the anonymous mailbox is still there for the X-authenticated-as header.  As for the resit of it's functionality, I'll see how I get on with it in the long term.
Gr8 app
I can't move email from trash to inbox.
Would be nice to have folder class displayed in the main list. Not to say possibility for batch class change and not one by one. Also sync triggered at strange times and not acc to timer.. not to say x.509 is missing.
it is a battery drainer. It get stuck polling a specific email account and bye-bye battery.
Simply the best!
Best App ever used. Nice implementation oft APG. Thanks !
It's an awesome app .. I can follow up my mails while am out of office. But please if you could make it able to add pictures and images in the signature will be highly appreciated... Please make it in the upcoming update, Thanks ..
Avoid... It kills the battery.
In all my years my gmail account has never been hacked / or messed up.  Within in minutes of using this app my password was reset and I was locked out of gmail.  I have reported this to Google.  Just wanted to share here as well.
Need app2sd support!
Not much more needs be said. Works for everything I need it to do.
Best mail client!
Excellent email app.  Fully integrated.  Supports push mail via IMAP IDLE.
One of the best email clients I've tried. I've tried quite a few. This one behaves the closest to the way I like. Almost perfect. It has plenty of features and ways to customize it. EDIT: I had a problem in Sent list displaying all items with the Sender field, but somehow I managed to make it display the Recipient. I have two suggestions. At least in the folders list put the name or email of the active account (whose folders we're looking at). The side color only is not enough. Also a way to rearrange the folders, now they are sorted by name but I'd wish Inbox at the top, then Sent, All Mail etc. A sliding folders list from the left edge like in other email clients would be very neat. Update2: no password protection of passwords and program?! Really.. I'm to uninstall it, too bad, otherwise it's the best email app around. SAD.
Exchange don't work :-(
Better than gmail
Worked perfectly for my school email until it was changed to a Google host. Now funky in syncing and message layout. Worst part is not being able to star messages without tripping the scroll bar. I have to go into each individual message to star them.
As of today 2014/5/28 moving emails to other folders seems to be working now. Don't know what changed but K-9 is still the best email client on Android.
Time to update the UI. So many mail apps have a clean sharp and pure  interface...much like iOS...it would be nice to see that here...
Dowloaded app okay but then tried to remove spam but did not find settimgs and web offered no help because  outdated and lack of simple of simple steps.
Turned on to this by Lifehacker. Works great for my usage. One issue: open email in portrait mode, touch download message button, rotate phone to landscape, must force close app. MB865 Gingerbread
I set the quiet time, didn't matter, I still got mail in the middle of the night and so on. Changed sync time to once in 2 hours, didn't matter. Turned off notifications, didn't matter, I still got notifications. Maybe I couldn't figure out how to use it, but I definitely didn't like it.
mia st
It crashes when I upload my resume.
Was having problems before but the new upgrades all is really great! Highly recommend!! I hope the application programmers read this...your doing a great job...keep it up!! Thank you!
Good interface and features but really buggy. Sometimes won't pull up mail content and crashes if I try to refile a message into a Google Mail folder.
Good
I use it and I really enjoy.  Thank you
Great app for email. But need a way to see email page source. Cannot find out whether emails are faked. Please provide update to show email page source. Thank you.
The best mail application.
Probably the best mail app I've used and I've tested half a dozen. But that icon...
Install this plus APG for full GnuPG encryption, decryption, and signing support. This is one of the first apps I install on any new device. One caveat: if you happen to be a fan of Google Now, using anything other than the official GMail app will neuter Now's ability to integrate with your mail. To me, GnuPG support is more important, so K9 is my mail client of choice.
Had for a couple of years but does seem to have gone downhill recently like being unable to display messages in Sent folder it sent.
No tablet support.
Couldn't be happier!!
What an outstanding alternative to the base Android email app. It's so featureful, easy to use, and can integrate with APG for OpenPGP features. The only thing missing are some useful widgets.
Generally, this app takes awhile to display any email, and the CPU and disk are burning hot.  Also, my manual SYNCs get interrupted by PUSH updates, and rarely resume to finish.
Works with everything I have, including multiple exchange accounts. However it is quite ugly, but that doesn't matter.  Edit: Much later, and on an HTC One M8, still working good. Still looks ugly in black too.
Unfortunately incredibly slow on my HTC One/m7. Liked the interface though .
Much better than standard android email app, does not get as confused, A1
  
Latest version is suddenly failing to send and receive reliably.   Also crashing trying to open large emails.
So good
An easy tool to handle ur email accounts and with APG crypto app even better.
Love the new look! Brilliant
The app does what it's meant to. It has various customisable options which are useful. What I would like it to do is make more use of phone specific features. I'm using a Galaxy S5 so I want it to be able to utilise air controls and air gestures in a similar fashion to the stock email app (although with a longer preview when hovering a finger over an entry). Can the developers implement this?
Well, after testing a dozen(at the very least) of the most popular  mail apps, it seems this alongside the default mail app is the best. Not because it's "great" (it's not) but because of lack of true competition...
Doesn't work with Gmail IMAP or POP!!
K9 used to work fine when my cie was using Exchange 2007... Now with a move to Exchange 2010. K9 is no longer working. When will K9 support Exchange 2010?
Was a great email app that helped me avoid signing over my phone to my employer just for the sake of sending and receiving email. But once multi-factor authentication (password + security questions) was recently setup for OWA, this app now fails to connect.
I love this app this app is excellent like cool
Able to use multiple pop accounts, add signatures, delete accounts. Intuitive interface. Quick send and receive.
If you have MS Outlook and would like to get your mail on Android, then this just what you need.  Easy setup and use.
This is an awesome email client. If possible, please allow moving the app to the SD card. For phones with limited space, every megabyte counts.
The app has often problems to synchronise. The best solution in this case is to kill and restart the app.
If you have multiple accounts and need em all at once and for free then this is tthe app for you.
Kaapt alles wunderbar Auch verschlusseling support ;)
It's about the most functional email client I've used. It doesn't look as clean as other apps but for me just works.   There are a lot of manual settings to get it working just right.
Highly configurable but still cannot fit message body to screen width.
I've been using this app for a couple months now on my Moto X. I have 9 email accounts, no problems! I do agree with one of the other reviewers about the colors...it does look like Rainbow Brite puked on the screen!!! Lol
I switched to K9 on a daily basis. It's simple, responsive and integrates well with APG. Great job developers!
Although when forwarding a message and removing the original senders info at the top of the original message also removes any inline pictures and formatting. Besides that it appears to work well.
I dnt like icon and ui...
Installed and about to use and nothing. I've been through everything to enable sync and can't find any button to press. Am I doing something blatantly wrong?
Hideous icon but works well. Needs option to delete messages that are more than so many days old.
Just needs Microsoft Exchange support, and this so would be the catch all end all for email.
Fantastic functionally and customization options.  However there are a few very noticeable drawbacks like automatic email sizing not working properly and email search is very unreliable with results.
This app did a great job until about 2 months ago. Now, I can't email anything using my Verizon email address. It also loses read but un-deleted emails when I get new emails. The lost ones are not in the inbox or in the trash folder. I'm deleting this app right now
Love the app  but it causes too many wake locks and doesn't allow the phone to deep sleep. As a result, It drains the battery and it's noticeable. Battery life wins over using this app so, uninstall.
Why does it refresh perfectly to fetch mail one day, then for the next week it spins forever then finally works perfectly again for one day? Why?
Very slow to react to user input and crashes frequently.
Best feature for me is auto bcc to self.  Lots of controls but I agree that boxes for bulk actions would be better than colors taking up space - looks like gmail, which doesn't impress me.  Also, font selection is lacking - e.g., italic and bold.  But, that said, the auto bcc to self rose in importance after I had to replace my phone and reload multiple email accounts with no ability to recover email sent from phone on personal accounts I didn't remember or bother to bcc myself on.
Thakkar
This is a wonderful app, very easy to use, no ads ;), free,  wonderful support and marvelous team and save a lot of bandwidth in mobile phones.  I recommend you to install it and keep it.  Thank you k9mail team.
I love it
Hopefully third time is a charm.
Last update is draining my battery and geting my phone slow.  A lot of CPU use even with it is not in foreground. I have to kill the process.
Nexus 7 with KitKat would not display photos in emails. Read about K9 in Android forum. Many said that it would solve the problem. It works! Give it a try.
I really don't think this could get much better, works like a charm, looks great, and never lets me down. :-)
I can't receive mail. I have to have my corporate sync mail forwarded to another address. But it lets me send.
I love the open source nature of this mail app. It's like Mozilla Thunderbird for Android.  Everything seems to be in order,  except for auto sync. It's not working at all, not for any one of the mail accounts, and even more for Hotmail. I need to manually poll for new mails in my mail accounts. I believe this defeats the very purpose of this app.
Slide right to select, slide left to unselect conversations for bulk actions.
Freezes after deleting emails. Force closes more than any other app on my phone.
Great, great improvement over the samsung galaxy supplied email app.  5 Stars if you can configure the POP3 server to delete emails off the server as you download them.  I also like that it displays my contact pictures in the message list - I was wishing my old email could do that.  I don't really know what the hubbub is about the letters beside the messages - it does not add much value, but does not deserve the vitriol i have read on so many other reviews.
Keeps freezing and closing whenever I back out of a email . Runs slowly. Please fix
For someone who is used to emails on PC this app works in a very strange way, for one thing for some unknown reason it keeps loosing emails from the inbox when checking for new ones I've set it to save all emails but that does,nt work, I'm using a tablet not a phone and have plenty of room, why can't these email apps work the same as normal PC programmes
Cool
Cannot connect to my Google account. Strange. It worked before.
It's a fantastic email app. The only thing that would make it better would be to have a delete option from the pull down menu. I can reply and mark it read, but I can't delete. That's the only thing that's missing.
The only thing wrong is if I change my password to an account, I have to uninstall it from K9, reinstall it, then it recognizes it.
No function to move mail from trash folder I.e. undelete
This app is great.but i dont want fo group the mail, how to change that? Thks
love this email client and been using it for a couple of years now, but after the last update, I need to kill the app and restart it everytime I need to check for new emails. Would REALLY appreciate a fix (using a Samsung Galaxy S4 and IMAP on SmarterMail latest version)
So far so good, the apps working perfectly.
Great email app, just needs the ability to add an HTML email signature.
Love. It better than my phone email app
It has stopped working, won't sync anymore.
This is my go to client for email. Miles better than the stock clients and with lots of handy tools.
The Next poll time has somehow been set to the past, not future. Thus it no longer updates my email. What is going on? I uninstalled and reinstalled and it worked for a day but now it reads: "next poll 10 hours ago". if it never checks my email ever again it's worse than useless .
It ok. But it will eat your battery doesnt stop running in the back round. Counted 29% if my battery useage
Since years by far the best mail app on the market.
App works as designed. Easy to use but the aesthetics seem to be an after thought. Sort of, 'lets make it look like google but with ugly fonts.'    Seems to run very heavy on memory but beyond that it is a solid app considering it's free.
Can't send email on data connection for some reason, other than that it's a great app
Doesn't verify PGP signatures - that's a feature I'd like to see added at some point.
Works as intended, better than built in email
Easy to set up. Does what it designed to do. Very happy :)
Useful for 3rd party email.
Hated email handler as standard on my s3, K9 just works.  And for deleting email as check box has gone simply swipe across the email heading  and the trash can appears bottom left,  this works for multiple email deletions.
App is OK, icon is not
Love it. Great PGP support!
I use several email accounts on different servers. K-9 has been able to handle my needs much better than the stock email client. It has some quirks but it's reliable. The preferences are extensive and complicated. For some reason Verizon's Android 4.3 update to my phone in January made this and other apps suck my battery dry. I have been adjusting and adapting but no perfect solution yet. Feature-wise, the closest app to K9 I have tried is Maildroid, and I prefer K9.
Was fantastic before update, but now won't save attachments. I've turned on the Log bit, but am unable to send you the data. I have Samsung S4 4.2.2 so Logcat App won't work and tried computer method and it was just double Dutch to me! Please help. I use it a lot for business and need to save documents constantly!
Clean and easy to use for me.
Love the Unified inbox
If Gmail has to many email is disconnects
This mail app needs a widget which shows the latest mail items much like other mail apps. Aside from this glaring omission, this handles all of my mail needs perfectly.
Very nice and very efficient
Very good email client I recommend it
Super slow and nothing will delete.
Fast and pretty. Quick down and up loads.
But otherwise I like it
Everytime I forwarded emails with attachment(s), the attachment(s) were always missing. Please fix it!
If it only had a SPAM filter...
It was great but lately something is wrong. This morning it failed to send any messages.  I uninstalled and tried reinstalling and it doesn't work. I can no longer send or receive emails!!
:)
I get an ioexception error, which I think is due to K-9 not supporting Exchange 2007/2010 yet.  Don't like stock Samsung mail but I guess I'm stuck with it because I can't find another mail app I like.
Haven't been able to send email for past two days. Receive error message: negative SMTP reply 535 5.7.8 error. I love this program. Only one I use for my emails. Hope you can fix this issue.
All my emails are Gmail but gmail app is too complicated to set up and cannot do batch opration. K9 works perfectly for me. Easy setup. It has Multi Select Checkbox (in Setting). Gmail no longer has this option.  I llike K9.
And it is open source. Good work :)
The next best thing to Mozilla Thunderbird, I hope the K9 Mail team continues rolling out updates every few months or so in order to keep up with new Gmail features.
IOException every time. Please fix.
Used it for years on various phones. Great app. Slight suggestion, allow me to rearrange the icons at the bottom when in a message view. I want the optional extras (delete, archive, move, copy etc) but don't want them to replace reply and compose, which currently get pushed into the 'more'  menu if I enable them. I want the optional extras under the more menu and the reply and compose always on screen.
miss one option - download time limit per folder. often need check single folder and keep downloaded messages only for it with longer timeframe.... currently need to go in main settings, what is not nice... (using imap mode)
Perfect
Everything is working great with this application.  I have 2 Gmail accounts and an iCloud account all attached and they work awesome.  Just can't get the attachments to save to the SD.  Keeps giving me an error when I try to do it.  I want to free up some space on my S5.  If they fix this, then they will have a top notch application here.
I'm assuming this app sells your email address, as before install I rarely got junkmail (I host my own email addresses), now I'm getting frequent junk.
Needs a manual. For AOL - I could never figure out where all my old read mail disappeared to. Sometimes they would show up? I figured out if clicking on left side of folder to open, all mail will show. Right side (where the count is) shows unread mail. It took me probably 6 months to realize this was the reason. To multi select just swipe across one unopened email (read or unread), then the rest can be tapped to mark read or delete. .ect. Lots of other features, just takes tinkering.
Installed this to get around the lack of security support on the default Android mail client. Installed perfectly on a Nexus 7 and HTC Desire phone, setup easily and worked perfectly. Would not use the default clients again. To the user who criticises this for not having the 'check boxes' - turn them back on through the Multi Select Checkboxes in the Settings>Global Settings>Display Options
Love the customizability
Great on my phone, but does not sync to my Smart watch. No matter how many emails I receive, the Smart watch only displays 'List empty'.  Any advice/comments?
Brand new HTC One MAX, and newest version of K9 as of 4/22/14... and just wasted 30 minutes looking for a REPLY button from within messages. Nope.
Good layout, easy to use but won't allow me to load gmail accounts.
So far so good...
Of late has been unreliable in fetching mail. Looses sync.
Does what it says it will do. Works like a charm, could not be happier with it. Would gladly have paid for this app.
An app better than gmail app or any other!
Way better than Google's default. Doesn't waste wake and cpu time.
Blue Mail is the new K9. Blue mail is so much easier and intuitive! Wish I have found it before.
Been using K9 for a long time on my Samsung and I found Blue Mail to be much more appealing. Blue mail is the new K9!! Just got my new phone.
Nexus 7, it worked fine for a month and then after I changed passwords ( on site and in K-9) it stopped
It is impossible to star a  message without triggering the scroll bar. Even after the scroll bar hides, if you try to star a message, it will re-activate. Please fix!
No problems I've been using this app for 3 years
I downloaded this for my work email and while I'm sure it's a fine email app, I couldn't test it because Exchange 2010 doesn't have WebDAV which is required to run this app. They probably should tell you this in the description.
got three work accounts, all connected to k-9
Thanks
With 4.3 JellyBean, when an email is in the notification bar the app crashes using the fast open via notification tab.
This dog is loyal, it feteches my email without problems, and I can customize it to my liking. What more can I ask?
Works well for me. Very tweakable
Are you people stupid?
Best email client
Needed something to replace Gmail app, to switch between threaded and non-threaded view. This did the trick, & then some! To UI complaints, everything is in settings & customizable. Little glitchy - archiving doesn't always reflect right away - have to back out & in to see changes. Clicking Inbox sometimes gives whole Inbox, sometimes Priority label, depending where I'm clicking. Needs to show & apply Gmail's multi-labels on msgs, links to Gmail tabs (Priority, Promotionks, Social, etc.), & yellow stars.
Good
I couldn't move my e-mail from my inbox to a different folder with out crashing and often wouldn't show pictures. Delete. HTC one M7
The best in market
the screen display (folders, not individual messages) shows multiple message headers as if they were overlaid on each other, displaced by a few pixels, on my Droid DNA - while the native mail client does not display the problem. since there is really no developer to complain to, my only real option is to uninstall it and go elsewhere. sigh.
It just works.  Quiet time is another great bonus.
email app out there.
Put in the multi-mail delete option again!
The notifications would never come on or notify me for some reason
...get the same IO error and it doe not recognize my Exchange Server FQDN so can't connect. Need ActiveSync   support. This app would easily be a 5 with that.
I used to be able to select multiple emails, now suddenly today I can't figure out how to do that! I get a lot of spam, so I'd this isn't fixed quickly I'm going to have to find another program. I also wouldn't mind a more mature looking interface (not so boldly colorful).
April 8, 2014 K-9 lost all my emails and will not "load 1000 more messages" when I tell it to even though the server has all the email still there. My battery also showed K-9 using more than my screen - crazy. I've rebooted, cleared the cache, and it still won't load emails before April 8. Today is April 15 & I have 12 emails. A week ago I had a whole lot more. What happened?
Installed this as a quick drop-in replacement for Thunderbird. Ended up falling in love with this program, I even use it when setting up mobile mail for my client's devices.
The best email app I recommend it to everybody. Does everything I need.
I just switched from a flip phone and iPod touch to the Moto. When I setup my exchange account, the app told me that my server REQUIRES me to allow it full access and control over MY phone. Bye bye. K-9 was setup in about a minute and a half, didn't need to allow access to any of MY personal information, and the interface looks to be well thought out and user friendly. I especially like the "split screen in landscape view". Granted, I haven't looked around that much, but this app works perfectly for me, so I'm done looking, on to better things. I don't even care that Gmail isn't supported. Great job, guys! Update 4/15/14: Gmail is supported but I ran into some problems when I decided to change settings on my Exchange account. Basically, every change I made caused some function to fail. Display, sync, notification problems got worse and worse until finally the app was beginning to make me feel stupid, so I uninstalled and moved on to a paid app. Regular IMAP/POP email is OK, but needs more work in order to use Exchange accounts.
Awsome app, miles ahead of the stock but the thing that I miss is folders with message redirection amd some kind of an export solution, there is probably a way to export the messages and import but an integrated feature would be so much better. Maybe in future updates...
It just works. It isn't the best for managing huge mailboxes. But it does the job for mobile email.
Loads fast. Got this email client because you can choose to keep emails on ur device even if they are deleted from your server. But it don't seem to have a peak/non-peak sync schedule (or at least I can't find it).
Best mail client ever
I loved this app for my email but I think I'm gonna have to uninstall it because it keeps crashing on my nexus 10. Should I wait for an update?
This email is the best ..I love it..its the only service that works with my AOL email & Straight Talk..very easy and fancy..  it should be 10 stars ..my phone is galaxy note 2 unlocked..Take care..
Reliable. Flexible. Opensource. I use it on all my devices.
Just can say good for now
Good, flexible
After trying several different email applications,  K9mail works quite well with my work Outlook email.   I wish there was a spam filter.   Spam, that is automatically excluded from my inbox on the computer, fills up my inbox on the app.   Add a spam filter and it gets 5 stars.
First rate much better than the packaged android email client. Does exactly what it says it does. Highly recommended
Thank you
I am impressed! What a great mail app! Found it today. Gonna keep it. Cheers.
When your email does not work with your phone replaces it.Sometimes you need to uninstall if it stops updating but works great usually
This was the first app to tempt me way from the stock email app and it blew me away. Great app 
Used to be able to click a check box & delete a bunch of email at once.  Now that feature is gone.  Why would you remove a helpful productivity tool?  Is it because of a conflict of interest...interested in advertisers getting their mail opened by me instead of providing me with a useful product.  Does Google own K9 now???
On a day to day basis it works but it does not delete messages from hotmail server. Also has problems attaching anything but photos. You have to select the file and share it via email to attach it properly. All in all I'm looking for a better App. Also it places a footer and every email that you have to manually change each time
This is by far the greatest e-mail app for android.  Easy to use, pushes e-mail immediately and has an option to turn off conversation view.
Great app but lately I have problems reading my mails. When i open a mail sometimes I only see the scroll bars loading, but content remains white, nothing shown. Header is always displayed. Also yahoo accounts are not working anymore. So its quite useless now. Went back to use default mail clent. Update: really guys  after half a year still no fix for the white content problem? Verry dissapointed
After updates emails don't send me notification anymore, have to fund better app!
Better than the kit Kat default.
The one and only in its class
It is a good app but can't see you the meeting request in nexus 5.. Please do the needful..
Good app, many hidden options
Awesome
Much better than stock android email or gmail, lots of settings to tweak, allows attachments of any file type. Thankyou!
I. Hate. Gmail with a passion! That's why I came looking for something else to help me with the mess Google calls email. When you have more SPAM than mail you need a new account. If I could I would but everybody I know has known what my acct is for years! Only problem is when effin Google changed things. Now K9 has done mail the same way! WHY?!?! If it aint broke, dont fix it! You make more problems by doing such. The only way I can delete a msg is by opening each one and deleting. That's not happening!
Good emailer!
Great app brilliant
Many options, easy to set up accounts. Very easy to manage many diferent accounts. And most of all i live it is so fast and stable! Good work dev team.
This is an excellent app, many thanks to the developers.
Searching older mails from server is not supported although it tries to do the same. It just keeps on searching and gives no result even when used on high speed wi-fi network. K-9 guys please update this feature.
Tried as an alternative to Aquamail but where the hell is the Reply button?! I always use my phone in portrait mode so I don't want one that appears when I go into landscape, nor do I want to have to access it via a menu screen. This has got to be the most unintuitive mail app I've ever used, so glad I didn't pay for premium! It looks a bit better than Aquamail but that's it!
Pretty comparable to the stock email (not Gmail) app, with one important addition: you can back up & restore and/or export & import your settings, so no need to redo all your account settings every time you change ROMs. It does a few things better than the stock app, and a few less well. It appears that most of the people making negative reviews have just failed to wade through the very extensive settings menus. Most of the features people are asking for, such as threaded conversations and checkboxes for multiple selections, can be enabled there. Messages can be moved to folders by long pressing them, at least on IMAP. I don't use POP3, so not sure if it is possible with those accounts. True, it does not allow changing fonts, but neither does the stock email app. Whether it overrides font settings that you make within the settings for your email account, I don't know. I would hope not, but I have not tested it.
So much better then the stock email client ( Nexus 5, 4.4.2)
Pretty good but for one lacking - the inability to remove emails from the inbox and sort them into archive folders on-device. Okay, so IMAP does that on server but when your Telstra provider refuses to support IMAP what do you do.
its ok. its limited interface is great for phone/palm sized devices. I especially like the built in cryptography
Can't move emails to different folders
As described in title.
Clear and simple.
Looks really nice with some good features, but no way to delete emails unless you hold down on the email till a popup appears with the option to delete.  If it had a way to check off each email to be selected for deletion, I would give it 5 stars. As it is now, its just not worth using
It delivers what the programmer promised. Fast, reliable, effective.
This app gives simplicity in my Exhange email. But, something is missing, the checkbox so I can select multiple items and made an action at once. Generally, this app helps me a lot.
This app ia good, but not as good ans polished as the Gmail one. Inwas using it for a whike, i missed the gesture actions and went back. I don't even know why I was against gmail app
Maybe its because I am a  graphic designer but this design literally gets worse the more you use this app. I mean it needs a sleeker icon. I ignore bad icons but geeez. This is hideous. Lots of apps have different icons to pick for each apk. It needs something simple and contemperary The gray buttons are not cohesive with the white selection interface and the text is offset. It bugs me a little.
Easy, clean and by far the best multi account email app out there
Exchange mail does not work (IOexception error). While I installed the other mail app cloudmagic, it works instantly.
Every time you try to read messages, there's a hair trigger "pull to refresh" function that sends it into a loop of expensive data polling - no way to shut it off. Nearly useless as is and this is apparently a deliberate addition to what could've been a very nice program.
Many options to set (which is good and bad). Unfortunately selecting threaded conversations doesn't work as expected. And attachments can't be forwarded without downloading them.
Can't even input 1 email address without problems. Complicated
Thanx, usefull apps.
Way better than the android's stock email app
Great app for consolidating all my inboxes, I've used a few and this is he best I have found.  However when I get notified of a new mail message in the pull-down menu, there are 2 options: 'Reply' or 'Mark As Read'. If these buttons were made smaller there would be room for a 'Delete' button which considering sll the smap going around these days would be more useful.  5 stars if this is fixed!  Agreed- new update isn't great and no need for pictures of the sendees.
Small and does what I need it to.
Best android email app in market.  It's need some improvement.  Add hyperlink for http link.
I think this is one of the best mail app I've used for a while to manage non Gmail accounts. It's especially great if you have more than one email account to manage.
I like the app except for the spam folder. I Mark incoming mail as spam but it keeps coming back.
Great for years.  Now can't read email, all folders have Command: *sensitive* error message.  Lots of problems lately w gmail, so betting it is a K-9 / Google problem. Need to stay away from app until fixed. Not being able to read email on the go from any gmail accounts is a real problem.
Had no issues integrating our IMAP servers into the client.  Other software we attempted failed,  and was only for a trail basis.
Google has abandoned users of older android versions. Your app is really good features which are usually seen in latest version of Gmail.
I want to know how to receive emails only from my contact list and stop all the junk mail but It seems that there is no easy way to reach you other than this.
Great features. Doesn't require excessive permissions. Can see all my mail, not just the first 1000 messages. No limitations. Integration with encryption package. Highly configurable.  Keep up the good work developers.
Very cool
Awesome
Over the last month it's crashed more and more. This week, it crashes when I try to move an email to another folder. Also, after I send an email and go to the next message the new message doesn't show. Just the header does. This looks like an old issue that's resurfaced. Really making it unusable. I love the app. Just wondering if deleting and reinstalling will fix it. All the other apps I've tried this week are lacking the awesomeness of this one.
It's nice, powerful and friendly app.  Installed on Nexus 5, suddenly screen gets black and phone turn off.
While I understand my phone is older, replying to an email shouldn't crash the entire app, but I have to give props to the interface. Simple and clean.
Please fix bug keeps notifying me in the notification bar  "failed to send some messages" .. Over and over and over everyday it won't stop... How can I get it to stop notifying me failed to send some messages? Besides deleting the app completely from my phone...
Had it for one minute already and I love it.
6 months in and I have had no issues. When I exit airplane mode it automatically checks for new messages if it had missed a check in time while airplane mode was on. The only thing I don't like so far is that hideous logo.
A must have email app - replacement for stock email app.
Best mail client by far
Drains more battery power than the screen! Outrageous!
Replaced all my email apps including gmail and stock.
Please let me be able to attach HTML signature. And make it able to set a password when you start the app.
I received notification but no email! It was there when I used Gmail app. A pity as otherwise it is great.
NOTIFICATIONS are not quick enough regardless of the tired of account and various settings that I tried.  I uninstalled.  Successfully handles icloud, gmail, and yahoo accounts. I love the color coding and customizations.
Simple yet useful, and possess all the required features for simple email handling.
I love K9 but it needs active sync, if it had that it would be the best application for email period. I hope this gets added soon...I have to use something else until then...  Also please add thread view!!
Sony tablet S, yea it's old. :) But this app has been very stable. The only issue I have had was due to my ISP playing silly games with the email system. Had to rebuild the account but that was easy.
lack of reply/forward buttons gets no five stars review
I really like this app. Would really like a "night mode" that would toggle to dark theme during a specified time interval.
Upgraded Samsung Note 3 to Android 442 and now it won't auto fit on screen. Otherwise, love d app.
I've been using this app consistently for some time now, and now that work on supporting PGP/MIME is underway with APG, all that will be left is integration with APG's PGP/MIME support.  Truly an awesome app combination. I am leaving the rating at 4 stars because of the PGP/MIME issue. Once it is resolved, I feel it will become a 5-star app.
The best mail client there is. Been using it for years. Properly implements IMAP like no other. Updates have always been reliable.
I'm able to receive mails but not able to send mails. Please check this.
I used to love this app but frankly now, it sucks. It constantly freezes, it's slow to get things done, even simple things like marking all as read takes ages to perform and sometimes freezes the whole app. This app has become cumbersome and an annoyance and it's with regret that I have to look for something else.
Excellent email app! I've used this for several years now on a few devices and it always performs perfectly.
I wanted an email app that i can receive emails quickly and efficiently organized, aqua mail was ok but k9 mail took it home for me, it was the interface just what i needed, almost removed it after kitkat upgrade but thankfully i waited for the fix an it's now working fine again, thanks guys.
Can't swipe mail to trash or anywhere even with gestures enabled. Also has some sync issues, mail gets stuck at times and good luck if you are trying to refile or archive it. Overall good app tho i have it linked to four email accounts and it hits em all smooth.
Stable and fast. Very practical.
Very configurable.
ok
...but very good app inside ;-)
I get so many spam mails every day. Delete option in notification, markall option are some of the features that have made my life easier...five stars...
Using this app for a long time. But recently, if I attempt to send email with attachment on a weak network, most likely it is going in "sending message" mode forever. I have to stop application or reboot phone.
Good! Much better than the stock Samsung program.
syncing settings is confusing, with all the folders, better to make a simplified setting, for all the folders. Also there is no confirm before delete.
Nice feature rich app. Has everything I was looking for....most importantly a dark theme, not everyone wants a blinding white background on everything. Email/Gmail was the last remaining white app I had..so I am a very happy camper. Recommend this to everyone.
Kept on giving IO error....
Like others have mentioned, a few tweaks such as being able to delete multiple mails would make this an outstanding mailer. But even without, it's a great app, very happy with it.
Last updated syncs way to often and drains my battery. I like background sync but I need to be able to control the interval.
I don't understand why..
Can't find an option to set up for POP3.  Therefore, can't use.
It was nice app before. But it does not bring email from server properly anymore. What's wrong k-9?
This app's background sync will burn through your data plan in days if you have many messages on your server.  It's such a known issue that a widget has been written to try to stop it.
Better than any stock app I've ever tried. Thanks!
Have been using K9 for years but I hate the new update. Now it works just like Google mobile Mail which I don't use. Why would I need all these colored boxes with the first initial of the sender? How the heck is that helpful? It's very confusing and unnecessary. Looking for another client asap.
Been using the app for ages on previous android device and it's great. Have just switched to a Note 3 and wish this had the split screen capability of the native app. Not really a bug so haven't submitted it to the tracker, really more of a feature request :)  Thanks for the great app guys!
Android email app. Because it just works! I love that you can have multiple email sources all configured in this one app, beats cloud magic to smithereens. Keep up the great work! Thanks.
Super
Perfect.
The stock Android app was very bad for regular use. K9 is so good, I'm surprised it is free. Besides, it does not have any signature restrictions like other apps.  The K-9 icon could do with a makeover though :)
If I had one complaint... it would be to change the position of the  delete/trash button.  I have the Note 3 and it is very easy to hit the the trash button while exiting out of the app using the home button on the Note 3.  It would be nice to have the trash can at the top of the page.
First, let me say that K9 is a good email program. Nice features and works well. However, I started having issues with the notifications.  I would send a message with an attachment and it would keep showing "Sending message" icon, even though the message was sent.  I submitted a Bug Report and they told me to revert to the previous release, as the one I had was a Beta release (for development).  My frustration is, why did it update to a Beta release?  I am not a tester, nor did I specifically look for a Beta release.  I have it set to update automatically.  Shouldn't Beta releases be kept from these auto-updates?
I'm uninstalling it.
best email client on android right now.
Works great and very customizable. Would like a big widget like Gmail and Email widget.
The stock mail app is much more simple and intuitive. I do not like the interactions of k9
Great prog, hate the default email app!! And the dr who refrence is adorable. Want- download progress bar that shows on emails with atachmnts...galaxy s2
Rubbish.
Hasn't updated my inbox in days and days. Can still send tho..
Easy to use. Best in the market
A very good app  Very easy & efficient
it has one missing part which is creating rules according to sender and/or subject
Have to open and refresh to get emails what a bunch of crap used to work very well now not so much
Doesn't work with exchange
Yup, a really cool app but its icon just doesn't match up to its professionalism. Hint: Copy them if you can't beat em!  ;)
I tried Pretty much every email app... But k9 does pretty much everything.  The interface could do with a bit of a face lift though
Could no find a way to create my own folders
It cuts off the top of my emails. You have to zoom in to be able to see. Has been this way a long time. Too bad because it used to be a good app. Uninstalling now since an update us not yet available to fix this.
Since new update I am no longer having problem sending emails. Thank you very much to the developers.
There can be an option to stop syncing mails when it's running. In poor signal areas when it has trouble syncing, stopping it can actually conserve power. How this can be implemented thanks.
Superb. Server search feature is a bit buggy however. Sometimes, searches will fail without a descriptive error.
Just reinstalled app after a few months of new phones. Nice to have you back!
This used to be a good application, but now i found out that it's guilty to block my Samsung S2 exactly a few minutes before my S2 achieves 5 days of system time (without a single reboot). Hope sometime in the future they correct this!
Just work out kink w/ APG bombing out after successfully decrypting , and add on webdav for 2010 and above and you have 5 stars! Awesome job! PLEASE KEEP UP GREAT WORK, and **THANKS**
This app is great but in the last update i dont know what is wrong. BEcause when i close the app.. it doesnt get the new emails and show the notifications.. unless I open the app and receive email from it. It shouldnt be hard to solve.. hands on team
Works well but does not sync calendar or tasks This is the only app that I am aware of that is fully compatible with sending/receiving emails that have been secured with a digital certificate.   The issue is that it does not sync your calendar or tasks which means you'll have to install a separate program for that.
Great mail app..  But recent update broke resize to fit option.. It was there till version 4.701. not updating..
There is no #holoyolo APG alternative. It's sad. Everything outclasses poor old APG, but it has monopoly.
After about a month of perfect operation k9 started crashing every time it tried to sync with the mail server. It appears to be a known issue but I couldn't see a resolution available. This stops it scoring 5 stars
This crashes every 20 seconds, locking my phone. The polling is haphazard at best and I frequently get mail posting to the wrong folder. Filters seem to be non existent.  Other than that it's not too bad
Great app, but I had to uninstall it. I have three IMAP accounts and I got stuck in K-9 when I needed to move an incoming email to some folder in another IMAP account. The inbuilt email app on my Samsung Galaxy S4 offers that feature. Plus, this is becoming a standard feature in most of the desktop email clients. I wish K-9 had that functionality too in which case, I would have given it 6 out of 5.
No complaints
After this latest update, no IMAP or pop email shows up unless I open the app and sync it.  What happened?
I got tired of googles new gmail look and its lack of functionality. Installed K-9, was not dissapointed
The best so far
Why are xls files "unsupported". If I can't open attachments in the app it's garbage to me
- Love the app. Just one problem  though, at times mail doesn't get sent and gets stuck in the outbox folder.
K-9 is a great, feature rich, powerful mail client.  The UI is still a little clunky though.
I do like this app, I was annoyed by a difficult when choose multiple emails due to there is no quick check boxes when clicking some emails. Please fix it, so it can be a great simple n powerful email client.
The best mail app out there for ppl who like to keep it simple.
K-9 Mail is almost perfect but has problem with attachment winamil.dat. I don't buy excuse that it is MS Outlook's problem because other apps are fine with it.
5 stars if a better icon is chosen :-) change the icon PLEASEE ;-(
Superb apk
Ok   .
From the beginning at android OS I got to use this app. It Works very well and it is for free.
3/6/2014. well, if I was originally unhappy with the new ui at (4.4), I bit the bullet and went with it anyway.  Not sure of my version, but my k9 auto updates, and for about 2 months, now dog slow (apology to dog lovers) with no setting changes on my part.   Now looking for alternatives. Great, to good, to below avg, to poor over 5 years.
the subject and sender columns some how swapped themselves in my inboxes. I wrote to the devs twice as I couldn't work. how to fix it and no reply. switched to aqua mail instead
Can you please add the ability to select what address to send mail from If I have multiple accounts forwarded to one account (my college mail forwarded to my Hotmail account, because I can't get push mail to work on my Android for my college email account )
Multiple accounts, loads of configuration options... been using this for over two years and still loving it.
Gr8 app, feel like my old blackberry mail. However, suddenly the new mail notifications started to disappear. Rectified after reinstalling, but had to make all changes to settings again. Hence 1 star less.
I have no complaints, this is a killer app.
What about swipe to delete or archive? And what about showing senders avatars as new Gmail shows them?  Could be a nice touch.  What about a widget also?
The best email app I have tried.. I keep going back to K9. The interface could use some improvement, and rich text editing would be nice. Still it is the standard for Android email.
What ever happened to the ability to set up mulitple accounts?  This update sucks
Works very well with my complex IMAP setup with many identities and &gt;500 folders! I never got the stock email client to work. Folder classes rock!
A great app that has a unified inbox but sorely lacks  conversation view.
Fast, secure and funny. The mail client for small devices.
Update: working great 4.4.2 S4  Settings and accounts buttons doesn't respond sometimes on Samsung Galaxy S4 4.2.2 I9505
This an excellent IMAP/SMTP client.  After recent yours it has become blazingly fast when dealing with the folder list.  I would change the menus a little (no convenient button to move message to a folder), but this is a first-rate app the way it is.
Had all the features I want but it keeps failing
Tried loads of them and find this one the easiest to use. Can't complain and it's free.
Never able to restore backup - it gets tedious to reconfigure accounts after upgrading
Get rid of the obnoxious large colored letters alerting the 1st letter of the senders email. I've looked for a way to turn it off but no luck. Give me a way to get rid of it and I'll 5 star the app.
Just like the stock email client, you are unable to pinch to zoom and then double tap to display a single column of readable text. How on earth do the builders of these email clients expect you to read an email when you have to scan horizontally to read each line? I want Jellybean back! Moto X. ~UPDATE~ There is a workaround: go to settings, global,font size and change messages to large. This requires a double tap on each message but makes them readable in a single column of text.Back to 5 stars!
The new update have imap sync troubles. You need update manually the mails in each folder.  Please check this valuable function.
Even after update K9 does not work.  Content of email is missing.
best featured email for android... until i saw new version has removed check boxes. with maybe 10 junk emails in every mail check i dont have time to open and delete individually. put it back how it was please. until them ill be looking for another client again.
Have K9 Fetching three accounts so far.
This app consuming 33 MB of RAM in background. Thats too much for an email client.
like it
Your standard email client. No GMail like enhancements anywhere. If you're a fan of old school email management, this is the app for you.
Very nice email client, love how clicking on a thread opens it and shows all the messages in it like a sub-folder. However, it sometimes fails to sync and gets stuck on some process that uses up all the CPU on the phone. This obviously drains the battery and heats the phone to uncomfortable temperatures. I will try it again in a few releases to see if that works. I have a Galaxy Note II
Full of features to configure for your own way of working. The best of its kind that I know of.
The most brilliant and powerful Android email client ever made has just been rendered near useless by the Kitkat update. The only way to be able to read emails without endless back and forth scrolling is in landscape mode, and even that doesn't work for some formats. Can this be repaired? How on earth are you expected to scroll back and forth constantly to read emails????? Disastrous. This was a five star app hands down prior to the update. Developers PLEASE get this handled!  Moto X Dev. Edition
Great app and very intuitive
Works very well.  Only suggestion would be to allow user to set a maximum number of emails that are saved in the trash folder.  Its waay to easy to accumulate 2000 emails in your trash folder and when you select all and try to delete 2000 emails at once my phone doesn't like it.
no way to add a second acount, no way to change the account password.assholes or  progammers they are.
The only one that let's me use pop on gmail and NOT sync phone and server. I use phone and server differently. Some emails like appointments I leave on my phone.  Some things I delete on my phone but want on the server.
I can't send emails anymore with the same settings as before the update. Would previously been 4 stars.
Love the interface. Easy to use. Wish the icon was an envelope though.
Of all the email apps I've tried this in MHO is the best app. I've used this app for the last 2-3 yrs. mainly for my personal email accounts (comcast & yahoo). Very simple to use, plenty of configuration options/parameters, simple design, and quite dependable.  Highly recommended!
Great app, coherent and useful UI. I love the functions integrated to the notification drawer. The fact that it supports encryption is a huge plus, and most of all, it is open source! Keep up the good work guys!
Works nice on my N4
I can,t configure my rediff mailpro in k9 I did,t expect  this
Many thanks, fab email client!
After reading an email, the email disappears. Please fix!!! Also, I really miss being able to delete messages with the check boxes. It was Alot easier!!!!
Works as advertised. Wished they made on for laptops.
My only, and absurdly tiny gripe: the icon should be updated.
what happen to the check boxes so I can delete  multi emails this new update sucks.   I don't need to see picture's of the people that sent them  I want a email app that has functions not pretty pics and colors
Without it I would be lost
The only thing that it lacks is a big widget like the default email client. in this way, userd are able to verify quickly any urgent emails
Sometimes my emails come in on my phone in a couple of minutes, sometimes 45 min later, they still aren't on my phone, despite the push function being set up. So annoying to do a manual sync for emails to appear.
This used to be my favourite mail app. The recent colour explosion has made it visually unappealing for me, and worse yet, there is no way to opt out of the rainbow. I have also started having issue with this app getting hung up when checking my gmail accounts, having negative impact on my battery's life.  Disappointing.
I found that the stock email client used all my bandwidth allowance for a month in one day.  Didn't get this problem with K-9, so as far as I am concerned it does a great job.
Unfortunately in the latest version it seems that the downloading of email automatically download the entire email including attachments of any size despite setting the limit to 32kb. My data plan usage ended up with huge increase which I had to pay.
Very good  implementation. Can view six gmail accounts inboxes in unified view.
Good but when downloading attachment in email, can't see whether downloading or not,if you can put something like line to show download you 'll get 5+.
Good
This is IMHO the best free mail client for android, especially if you manage a lot of accounts and I've tried tens of others. It's lacking some widgets but still - 5 stars from me!
Ever since the last update, fit-to-page doesn't work, and despite several emails no response from the developer :-(
But it's getting real annoying that quite a few messages don't come through and instead just show a subject line with a body that says "no text."
Being using android since cupcake and k9 was there already
Very good app has all the features v want, keep up good work
Before this update I would have rated it a 5.  Latest update drains battery and I have to constantly kill the app.
it is not acceptable an email client to store in non-volatile fashion the account passkeys. It should ask user for mail's server account password before connecting with server instead. Caching in RAM is less harmfull as non-volatile.
Dear Developers,  Your App is an awesome mail system in all Android mail app, but I as a business user require few more improvements.   1. Rich Text editor which allows. Bold text, colored text,  underline, stylish.  2. Enable column mode. 3. Box editor.  4. Copy paste image/or text as like html view.  5. In short make it closer to MS office.  2nd. Replied mails should be shown on same loop conversation list. But here we needs to go to sent items to see our reply.  Guys make it more closer to PC Ms office
danke!
This is the only IMAP mail client for Android I've found that properly tags replied to & forwarded emails, so that you can see the actions in the Inbox list. Unfortunately, neither of my devices would download new emails after the last update until I cleared all data & set up my accounts again. Also, I'm not a big fan of the new Inbox view with the big first letter of the senders name. I'll have to see if I can find a setting to change it back to the way it was...
I have found this to be more configurable than any of the others I have tried (including MailDroid).  However, I use a Bluetooth keyboard, and because K-9 relies on the soft keyboard to display spell corrections, I am unable to see spell-check corrections o y real keyboard.  (Same problem with MailDroid).
Childish icon and name
Sometimes refresh doesn't work
I can't express how dependent I am on this app. It is extremely reliable, easy to use, and with the latest update very good looking. Download... enjoy! To the developers... don't change the layout ever again... it's perfect now!
Does exactly what you need
This is the first mobile email client I've used with the power and customizations possible with desktop apps. Bravo!
This one has all the settings you could ever need.  Have 3 different accounts doing as their told.
Very good
I love this app. Worked from day one. A few occasional bugs, but almost none. Excellent for IMAP accounts!
Been using for years keep up the good work
I've tried a number of email apps, but this one is the best of them!
Jan 27 update broke it for me. Doesn't delete message when viewing message, must return to list view before deleting.
Superb app
Perfect replacement for GMail .
I love this app, making everything easier. Keep developing UI! :)
1. The linked changelog is not readable in the classic Android 2.x web browser, all the text is run together as a giant paragraph,  2. Hierarchical folders are flattened to an oversized list of all folders. Very bad when there are hundreds or thousands of year/month/day folders under some topics.  The good part is that K-9 does not lump together all my e-mails in a "unified inbox" and doesn't send my e-mails to any server but my own.
Very good app. I sugessted to a lot pf people
Not working...again
Just wish it conformed to newer android navigation standards (hamburger menu etc)
Works great and easy,  but slow downloading and checking mail
Can't (don't want) rate low cuz of it's functionality Sir plz make the app ui good like some other peer apps
A great app for managing email. I have switched to using K9 even for my GMail accounts.  Integration with APG allows use of PGP encryption as well. PGP/MIME support is sorely missing though.
   
This is a great email client that should be used by everyone. Only issue I have with it right now is that when zooming and scrolling in Android 4.4 Kitkat things seem to he skipping everywhere. Hope this gets fixed soon. :)
Only inline PGP supported. This issue is 3 years old according to your Git page. 2 stars and not 1 because inline is a nice start :) Rest of the app seems to be non-tablet, a pitty.
I like
A bit of a learning curve because of SO many settings....which is also a plus in customization! So far I am very impressed. Yahoo app definitely got the boot from me. Oh and so far my live/outlook acct is working well too :-) update 2/17/14 sometimes it doesn't show everything in the folders....sync problem I suppose? Still better than the yahoo app.
This is the best of all the email apps I have tried. It doesn't seem to have a limit to how many accounts you can use and set up all of them very easily. My only complaint if any, and I acknowledge it's a small stupid one, is the icon. It doesn't reflect what a great business tool this is.
Great App
Nice App
It corrupted! I lost data, can't attach file?
Amazing app, has everything you need !!! Great open source project, I even want to donate, gotta see how I can do it. Both thumbs up !!!
-
K9 mail is easy to use, simple, and has some customization features. It has a fresh, clean look without appearing cheap. The widgets that come with it are nice, too. I just wish I could make folders, so I could sort messages. Other than that, it's great!
Also, it changes to gmail style contact icon isn't that good nor practical. For me, I can't recognize where it's from at a glance by only a first single letter shown, even a big RANDOM colored box is no help. Besides, 'star' colors in yellow instead of blue would be great
Good email client.
Automatic notification thru pop up. Builtin gmail app suckss..
Decent app overall, but does not receive half of my emails which makes this pretty much worthless.
I especially love the color customized interface.
Brilliant! Exactly what i need. Works great with imap accounts way better than the stock email app. And it is getting even better.
Integrates well with APG.
Very customisable mail up. Easy to setup with lots of functionality
Excellent software. By far the best mail client in the app store.
Please add a tree-like view for threaded conversations.
As a New Yorker, K9 is the only email provider for my Android. Why? 1. Easy to use. 2. Emails get deleted off of the server even when I am underground in the subway. This is huge as sometimes the only time I have for email housecleaning is during my commute. Other email providers do not offer this. Not the phone's factory mail platform,  not Olive Mail, not Web.de......nobody. Pls note that I did IMAP set-up. 3. If u have gmail, just use the gmail platform m it is great. All non gmail users should use K9.
RANJNI KARTHICK s.KARTHICK
I am attacked by a lot of spam emails, and I simply can't figure out the proper method of moving these emails to a spam folder immediately. some simple way would be sufficient to be added.
k9 has been my favourive email app for years now as it provides just what i need: a highly configurable und compact imap email app without any bloated crap functionality. i've had so me issues after upgrading to 4.x initially but got everything smoothed out so far...
Nice customizations. Best email app..
Simplemente AMO mi K9 e-Mail!!!
I've looked for 15 minutes to send you an email rather than leave poor rating. I have looked for an answer in the FAQs, both with no luck. Gmail does not let me automatically send a cc to anther personal email address automatically, can K9? This would be ideal for syncing sent messages with a desk top. Perfect product name,  Master, affirmative?
Please fix the issue with multiple checkboxes being so small when in horizontal format HTC Evo. Also would be nice to add attachment right from app.
Awesome, beautiful and simple.
Switched to K-9 after thorough internet research to consolidate a corporate Exchange and Gmail account onto one app. I had been using the stock app on Droid Mini for Exchange and the Gmail app for my personal Gmail.  I like the K-9 interface since it's an easy transition from the similar Gmail app.  I am impressed with huge improvement in battery use on my phone since switching over.  I have the Exchange set to push (as it was before on stock) and Gmail polling at 15 min intervals and it's been much better than when I used two separate mail apps.  I don't think you have the option to set polling frequency on the Gmail app.
Emails were slow in  loading onto this app.   My Kindle fire received emails and 3 hours later they were still not on this app.  May be OK for personnal,  but horrible for business.
This is so easy to use and setup .  A very simple and intuitive interface.  And It is free
The best email client for droid I've seen till date...still getting the hang of it though...
can be difficult to use. fairly straight forward once you get the hang of it.
Finally figured how to remove the nee "features" that mimics gmail or bbm.     Never should have been required to do that in the first place.  Permanent 2 star loss.
Use this as default now for my multiple mail accounts. Thanks
Doesn't light my LED, but keeps and sends my email well.
I started using K9 a long time ago, and then I stopped and moved to the built-in Gmail and Android email apps. But now I'm back to K9 and it is so much better and has a lot of new functions compared to its early stages. Great work by the developers.
must use you will forget other apps.
I like the integration with apg and ability to get work email too..   Just missing widgets like Gmail to see emails at a glance workout opening the app.
Great app I've been using it for years.  Always reliable and works great.
Lacks "Help" option somewhere, no help files. Can not delete email accounts easily, i had to remove the whole app. Not fully compatible with Nexus 5. Issues with support blogs and threads. Would be nice to make it sync right off the bat without any messages showing that it's not synced. Cannot import contacts from outlook?
They changed this app & now it's hard to get messages deleted. So I'm deleting this app.
Rock solid and very powerful
While I liked K-9 for all the features that it has and it's new interface, ultimately my IT department made me and a coworker stop using it because my account always had a ton of IMAP connections left open and it would connect with new ones.    Similar things happen with other emails like gmail.  If I open up logcat, there's always a ton of K-9 messages there about too many simultaneous connections and other random exceptions and null errors.  There are several open bug reports about these issues, so maybe in time this will get fixed.
Its gives a very big no of using the cpu I'm using it on galaxy s3 and note 1 in 8 min takes around 25% of the battery  Sorry I love the app but I must uninstall it now
I would totally recomend this app
Does everything I want, I have 4 email accounts, everything is very organized and easy to use. I have all other email apps uninstalled or disabled, this does it all.
Used to be the best email app ever for android but at end of Jan 2014 they came out with an update now my email doesn't sync, its delayed and keeps spooling.  Reverse the update please!
Not able to send anything when using the share feature on phone. I always have to use the Gmail app for that to work. Big bummer!
I love this client, but now a single email notification shows the body of the email in the notification area.  Is this a K9 thing or an Android thing?  I don't want the body of the email in the notification but I can't seem to get it turned off.
Love the Doctor Who reference
Can't find my opened emails. Trying mailwise.
great app...the only thing i would change is the icon doesnt look pro...and the first letter color square nice but it would be better if the letter represents the day of the week
smooth, elegant , syncs very will  just need to improve the new mail editing menu
L'application fait son travail a la perfection. Plusieurs options pour l'adapter au maximum a vos besoins.
Doctor
Great developer, they fix issue pretty darn quickly. Unfortunately, they haven't really kept up with modern app design so it feels like you're on GB again. Great app, works well, just feels out dated.
It is fast enough but don't restore data or accounts after ROM updates. It made my phone real slooowwww. Also it made K9 laggy.
Tried to configure this for Gmail, followed setup instructions to the letter (multiple times), couldn't get it to work. Clearly not for me.
Works very well with multiple accounts.
Decent app but search doesn't work. (No results returned ever, and yes, my search criteria should yield results.) Have to admit though, the only reason I installed this is coz last time I checked gmail's app doesn't allow you to download attachments that are zip files.
Over the day it's used 7% of the battery. Mostly just sat in the background.
Thanks
5 stars if it had swipe to delete AND archive
App crashes weekly. Constantly uninstalling and reinstalling since last update.
Great app. Do not seek tech support. Had one guy treat me like I was stupid. Another guy bit my head off for suggesting a new feature. I've met a lot of difficult and weird people but this deserves some kind of award!
Have been using this app for 2 years, and it continues to get better and better!
I just switched from iOS to Android and this app made that switch easier. Set up is super easy. Syncs with iCloud email FLAWLESSLY! Push works great. If I delete an email from the app on my phone it deletes off my native email program on my MacBook Air just like it did when I had an iPhone. I tried the stock Android app, evomail and cloudmagic but K9 is THE best. Thank you so much devs. Also, color led notifications for each mailbox and a combined mailbox view are super awesome features.
Takes forever to update my inbox and every thread is an individual post even if it's from the same sender.
The best for me!
After using an earlier version of K-9 for about a year, I replaced my S4 with same after damage. The New K-9 ver. 4.803 does not have a way to auto wrap an email after zooming and increasing font size. Once you double tap, the old ver auto wrapped the text. 4.803 version just zooms in and out.  This is key to my productivity reading emails as now I need scroll rightand leftafter zoomingto read.... and this should be fixed by the developers ASAP.
unistalling
This is a simply awesome App.  We can limit the Number and Size of mails to fetch and so its fast and doesn't hog the system. IMAP sync is awesome. POP also great & smooth. Simply great - 5+ star app.
Gmail, hotmail, exchange mail. All handled smoothly. I've tried all the mail apps and this is the best.
Good 5star
Love the app, one of the best mail clients I have used. My only gripe is that I don't like the icon so won't have it on a home screen :( Other than that is great!
Open source.
This is a very good app, especially since the recent upgrade.The only problem I have is that I cannot make the 'select text' function work on my galaxy 10.1 tab
Great
Highly proficient email program. K-9 is powerful, functional and user friendly. Beats the **** out of gmail in every way. Small size, easy to download and install, all it does is work !
When a message is selected, it opens a blank screen.
I don't like the new version. I can't just click on a message to erase it. I know have to open the whole message to delete.
Too many options, got lost. I just want to read the email. Can't remove the default signature.
Superb
It's difficult for me to recommend this to the parents and in-laws when the icon looks like it jumped out of a horror film
I have been using K9 for  about 2 years and really liked it. After the last update,  I am going to uninstall. The colors are obnoxious and I can no longer mark emails for deletion from the list.
I have been using K9 for nearly three years now, and am very happy.  If you sit down and take the time to configure K9 properly, you will find it provides you with amazing granularity of control. AND if configured properly, you will reduce the drain on your battery, and your bandwidth.
It has all the features that are lacking from the default apps.  Plus I love having my own k-9 unit on my phone.   What would make this app amazing is if there were notification sounds from doctor who like "mistress you have a message" in the old k-9 voice or the tardis sound when it moves.!!!!
Very good alternative to built-in email client. Wish it had undelete (move from Trash) for POP accounts, though.
Good options to control your accounts as thoroughly as you need without missing anything that I can think of
I use to be able to mark emails as Spam. What happen to this feature?
It is cool
Back to 5 Stars again. Thanks for fixing the  problems. Managed to fix my Force Close issues by backing up settings in the old version, then clearing all data and uninstalling. Re-booted phone to be sure. I then installed the latest version and imported my account and global settings from the backup. Working fine so far. The new layout is very easy on the eyes and intuitive to use.
Normalmente no es necesario escribir los servidores smtp e imap.
Great app
Change it back. How do I uninstall update?
Very good.
Can't get any mail! Constantly  get "IOException Pushback Buffe" and won't fetch mail. No solutions anywhere! HELP!
It's syncronise all my email quickly through IMAP..
Doesnt use much mobile data and fast!
Everything I wanted and more
awesome app!
Great app.  But when will it get additional folders for storing/sorting email.
It is a great app but it does not properly support yahoo mail.
Perfect app!
Very good email app, great update. Wishing for some more contrast between read and unread emails though
Awesome feature set at the expense of stability and ease of use with configuration. Still worth 5 stars IMO. I am a heavy email user with 4 accounts, so my client is very important to me. Thanks k9 team!
Many function is useful for me and realizable. I never miss any important e-mail.
check all ur mails in one useful app 
My only complaint is that the options available in the landsacape mode do NOT include "reply." I use slide out keyboard so to reply I need to turn the phone upright, press reply then turn back to wide view to compose response. Totally annoying that wider view offers less options. Please fix in next update. Most recent update offers giant check boxes but did not fix ability to read and reply in landscape!
I cannot expand and view on my samsung Galaxy s4
How about change for a nice app icon?
Shrink to fit no longer works, have to tap to zoom OUT! Also prefer the circles and please... can we have a compact account list !
I try to fit as many emails on the screen as possible, which the previous version allowed.. Now, unless I turn off the stars visibility I can only now fit a few emails on my note 3... Why are the stars so big??  They only need to be small, please can you reduce them considerably.  Cheers
I can safely remove and forget the stock app... Thanks for this!
I love it. Almost as full featured as mutt, with the benefit of a GUI as rich as thunderbird and as easy to use as gmail.
But the latest update has forced me to re-install the previous version. Please Please get rid of those horrid coloured squares.
Works great on my tablet.  Have been using K-9 on my phone and tablet for several years.
Now can't scroll page via same page link id. Mainly in the daily digest mailing list
Best email app out. But often gets errors when sending an email and connected via wifi.
Last upgrade is seriously botched. Since the 27th kmail has caused about 1GB (!) In data traffic as opposed to the usual MB. Wait for them to fix before installing
Thumps up man d best appppp till now   guy has simply awsum stuff
Not showing the first 5- 7 lines of new emails after my note3 updated to android 4.4.2. Got to uninstall :(
Nice apps
Everything is good but didn't like the icon.
Please give a option to turn colorized box off, it is distracting.
Excellent app
Its better than gmail default app...
If I wanted G-Mail ..........well Cmon guys....
It's ability to alert users the moment an email arrives is a favorite feature. This is  important to me for business use.
Never worked. After second install noticed popup that explained this app dosent actually work for email. Da fuq?
I think an improvement would be to add borders around the starred and unread messages so users know that they are clickable because I only found that out by accident
Hands down the best Android email client! I wouldn't use any other especially for you FastMail users!!
Excellent
the
Please read all the comments from people who don't like the colors and give us the ability to turn them off! I want my email to look clean, not like rainbow brite threw up on it! Thanks!
Long press does not allow copying of text in a hyperlink.
I have used this app for years and updated it last night.  The Gmail categories (which were not selected on my gmail) were added to K9, which sucks!  So, lucky for me, I use Titanium Backup and just restored the previous apk and data.  I'm sure K9 will put out another update soon with the fixes for the things we don't like.    Other than that, love the app.  :o)  For now, 3 stars.
Best email app there is
Really turned this app off for me.  Now it just looks like a poor version of the gmail app.  It doesn't even have all the functions of gmail.  Wish I could back down to the prior version.
I use the select feature a lot, because I have 4 accounts set up on K-9 and get spam. Now I have to click AND HOLD on each email I want to select. You gave up the quick click for an ICON to make it look pretty? btw, it does not work, the icon does not have anything to do with the email!!!!! It is a senseless meaningless ugly extra glob on my screen! It appears to be the first letter on the senders name. How does that help anyone? Also, whats up with the triangle in the lower rh corner? What does that do? GIMME BACK MY QUICK CLICK FEATURE. I thought that was one of the most thoughful features that differentiates you from the pack!
The aply is so fast, the best of aplys for my email in the android world more better than aqua mail. The beeeestt!
Great email client but this upgrade changed many of my options/settings. Hassle!!
best email app i had so far
It's fast, it's easy and intuitive to use. Different contacts are highlighted in different colors, making it easy to access all my mails.
No other email client comes close.
Probably the best mail app. Happy so far
Can't for the life of me figure out how to add a folder. Thought it might be syncing with server, so I added it there, nope. Changed the 1st class/2nd class folder settings around (not exactly sure what that's for), nope. I give up. Should be a simple thing right? Nice looking app, like the search and sort functions, like the dark theme.
Why can't I select messages anymore?
Best app..:)
Just the best
I find the official gmail app ever more annoying, so I switched to k9
Does exactly what it's supposed to. No fuss.
Loved the app until I realized that I can send but not receive mail.  If you have verizon, don't bother.  It simply will not work.
So using a POP account and I accidentally deleted an email.  I can see that the email is in the K9 trash folder but for the life of me I cannot find a way to move it back to the inbox.  Even if I forward the email to myself out of the trash can I get a message saying cannot download from server.  Any help here?!
Flexible, easy to use, open source, no ads
Used this for years. Only wish archived messages were collapsed when viewing from phone.
This app is the bees knees. Only suggestion would be a widget window type thing that shows recent emails. Other than that it works brilliantly!
Superb updates, awesome app
I've loved this app for a long time but the new update just sealed it. It works great, makes all my emails work together perfectly.  Beautiful tiles too
I have used this app with every phone I've had since 2010, and I love everything about it.  My only complaint about the most recent version is that you took away the check boxes.  I used to be able to check multiple emails to delete them in one action.  Now I have to delete each one individually.  Is there a way to turn this functionality back on and I missed it?  Thanks.
Loads of options & keeps getting better with every update. Works great on Android 4 - Galaxy nexus. However, needs a visible send button (currently have to press menu to find send). Also needs integration with Google calendar.
works great, customizable, easy to use, intuitive, n many other options,  good for handling multiple email accts., encrypted ...
Robust and mature. Perfect mail application.
One of the best. Better than aquamail
I hate all these ugly colors in the inbox. It looks like the Gmail app. Please go back to previous version. This one sucks. Looking for a new email app asap.
Awesome
I am loving the new version update.
This latest version is a disaster! It now spends ages trying to fetch mail and exits with a socket timeout error. This is particularly bad on all 3 Gmail accounts I have. How can I download the previous version which worked perfectly. Android 4.2.1 on ZTE V967S
This is the best email app around,  and the fact that it is free makes it even more amazing.  After the latest re - styling it is also beautiful,  fast and helps you keep your inboxes organised and finding messages easily. I used different email apps,  and no one gets close to the level of usability of K 9. Keep up the good work!
the new update is making the app lag.
I was not happy with the stock email app. I was constantly having to close and reopen the app so it would refresh my inbox. K9 mail refreshes without any issues.  Also it is very customizable.  2 of my favorite items, instead of having black text on a white screen, they have a dark mode which is a dark screen background with white text. Saves on battery life.  Also you can put different folders in to categories and view only those categories you choose. This app ROCKS!!!
Since latest update the display does not resize images  and email for small screen size. Also since the latest update intra-email links don't work. These were the primary reasons I kept this app installed.
I wasn't even given a choice of whether or not to install it. You can no longer delete several emails at once. Very time consuming to open each email to delete it. I find the color coded letters distracting. I wish there was a way to turn it off.
This is a very customizable email app that does everything you want from an email app.  I didn't love it the first time I tried it, but after spending a few minutes setting it up the way I want it, I realize it's the best email app available!  Keep up the good work!
Maybe the best email client on Android..
Very stable
great app, like new stuff, still some work to do but getting close to perfection
Great app
The most recent update rocks. Love the way how icons help to distinguish messages from the each person. Really useful feature. :-)
I don't usualy create contacts for emails. More often I need to select it and mark it as read or move it somewhere or anything else. But still the best client I know.
Very good app. Support encryption too
Used to be a 5 * app. Ugly giant tiles added in this revision are terrible.  Thankfully you can disable them.
has many useful features such as being able to fetch mail even if android is in stamina mode. Just unfortunately the let down is that hotmail subfolders are not supported. The New update received today is visually a great improvement and have upgraded my rating for this app. A future feature would be to have a quick reply (prewritten message ready) when responding to emails.
Every one of my complaints has been answered with this latest update. I LOVE IT!  Now please don't screw it up with bells and whistles we don't need!
Latest version no longer auto fits emails and I hate scrolling across if they don't fit. Used to work up to last release.
K9 mail is back excellent!
Please remove those stupid looking colors like gmail.. That's the whole reason I "used" to like K9..
Hate the new update. I downloaded this because I DIDN'T LIKE the droid mail app. The more you make this look like that, the less I will like this app. I want to see certain things in my previews, name, email address, subject line. Why can't I just choose them? I wish it could just look more like Outlook.
have been using it for years. best one!!!
Does not work well with any of my accounts.
What would make you think there would be overwhelming interest in adding the return email addresses of all the junk mail received to the contact list?  More over why that in place of the select button that allowed us to delete a group of emails concurrently?  I don't have time to open and delete each unsolicited commercial email I receive individually... guess I'll be looking for a new email app in my spare time again.  &lt; frustrated Sigh!&gt;
**UPDATE**  To turn off those ugly colorized letters, go to Settings->Global->Display and uncheck "Show contact names".  I restore the star rating to "5".   If I wanted the app to look like the Gmail app, I would just use the Gmail app because it's pre-installed on every Android device.  The colored letters on the mail display are huge and take up far too much real estate on my phone screen.  Yeah, I understand that there is a need to satisfy the tablet owners also, but this "feature" is ridiculous. Is there a way to turn it off?
No bugs seen yet.. UI looks better, looks good with Goolers
And, gpg integration w/APG. I think my biggest current gripe is the boring widget icon. Oh, and status bar icon. K9 is mail's best friend.
The only issue I have is not being able to dump my trash bin
Was working fine until the last update; now I'm having a problem retrieving my mail. In order to do so I have to disconnect and reconnect, and screen goes blank and disconnects connection. Looking for another App to replace this one ASAP.
This is the awesomest email app out there. It by far has more options than others and best of all is really stable. If you check multiple email accounts like I do...this is a must have.
I enjoy every new redesign of this app. However this time an "add account" button was placed on the home screen. Totally unnecessary since one doesn't open new accounts every day. Please unclutter the home screen or add the option to remove that icon. Thank you.
Good app
I really like this email app and you did a really nice job with the update.  It now categorizes the various email senders making it so much easier for the eye to pick out a particular email. I really like what you did and it looks good too.  Not busy looking and you kept it professional. Thanks again. Nice job
Great app. Has features no other email application has. I give it 2 thumbs up.
Great app!
The latest update is awesome, thanks and keep up the good work!
Syncs multiple email accounts into a simple to use, single inbox
I've been using this since I had my G1 and have yet to be disappointed. Reliable, consistent updates and powerful config features. Best email app on Android!
Really good if you need to monitor several mail accounts (job, personal, etc). Give each of them a different color an see them in the unified view.
Good app
Must be best
Seriously, a week later and I am stuck on 4.2.
Still the best mail app around. Although, with the latest update, the 'chip' no longer shows as faded once the message is marked as read. It's a little annoying - can this be added back in as a setting? The new coloured contact avatars are also too loud - makes it too busy when trying to quickly scroll through a folder for an email.
This app can almost everything I need it for ;p
This is probably one of the best mail clients for android, but the lack of support for html in signatures makes it loose one star.
Thank you. Great email client.
All in One Mail App to use easy way.
This used to be a very professional looking application but this last update added some crazy color features that makes it hard to view.  Loose the large color letters next to the senders name or any least be able to turn it off.
Please please please allow at least one user folder (pop3). Also, it gets its counts wrong. But apart from that, it's a great app!
Very functional
Has all the functionality of a desktop mail app.  The only mail app for Android that's more than a toy.
Nice app if your phone is fast enough. Has powerful features. Been using it for years now.
Yep.  Love it.
Best android email client
-- K-9 Mail v4.803 working well on Android v2.2
Better than some desktop email apps.
I've been using for several years, awesome app.
Use "Invitation Processor Free" to process meeting invitations.
Proper PGP support still missing though.
I wouldn't bother with any other app than k9. It just works the way you would expect it to work
Love the app.. great work!
This is the best POP/IMAP client I've found so far. Has all the options I'm looking for.
Lots of customisation options and works well!
Funktioniert hervorragend. Die Einstellmoeglichkeiten sind erschoepfend.
You should all give this guy 5 stars when suggesting anything!
Free and has pgp!
Used you for 2 years and it did a great job, unfortunately for k9, cloud magic has set new ground & standards ! Switching over to cloud magic . Sorry k9, your icon was ugly and yahoo sync problems too. But you guys are good too.
So vastly superior to the native Android. Great to easily delete bulk messages.
Looks just like mobile Gmail,  which is why I downloaded this in the first place,  because the mobile gmail is atrocious.  With the update,  lost is the more professional look in favor of picture pages for illiterate children.  Insert sad face here.
Amazingly powerful and configurable for a free app! Not perfect, but far better than any built-in mail app I've had.
Super mails
I switched to k9 because Of the inline graphics problem in KitKat (Nexus 4).  I wish I'd tried it long ago.  I won't look any further.  Beautiful.
Is fuckin great!
I love this app, great job.
Lovely email app. Supports encryption and runs clean. UI needs some work, but cosmetic only. :-)
I've been using this app for a few years and liked it.  However, the latest release changes my custom settings?  It has these color coded boxes containing the first letter of each sender.  If I remove the setting, the sender and subject are crushed to one line and unreadable in the message list.  Please fix. This app is not usable in this manner.
It kills my battery :(
just about beats any other android email client out there. It looks fresh and feels extremely stable! The latest up date is just mindblowing.
Best one, but could be better.
When i sent the draft email, the message disappear
And it's the only one I need... It's Great, thanks guys...
Better mail client than most of the desktop stuff
I used the native mail app, and it was completely historic. But thanks to K-9, I'm in full control of my emails. Dogs and man's best friend
Really good email app. Works like a charm.
You may want to try a lot of mail apps, but you will stay with this one.
The best email client for Android devices by a mile.
Switched from stock exchange client into K9 two months ago. The best client out there. Easy but powerful, customization is superior.
Great app, could use widget and be a little more finger friendly!
Much better than system email client. Loving it so far.
Simply one of the best mail clients there is.
Cool
Lol
Pls add multi select,  No notification  on 4.4kitkat No auto sync support
Great app, but is there a way to setup some filters for spam?
Great e-mail client and I hope that they can add the 'Edit as a new' the common one from Thunderbird. K hope also that the update is more frequent... Many thanks to the dedicated people.
And a bandwidth hog
No messing about.  No unrequired features. I use it everyday.
Slow, frequently freezes prompting wait or forced restart.
Can I get an option to delete from server as mail is downloaded with POP? Nice to see PGP support.
I would love to know why when I entered one password, this POS app only applied that password to incoming mail but not outgoing mail! I *THOUGHT* I sent several dozen messages that were never sent, VERY unprofessional.
Will Not let me add an Email and it keeps on crashing
Solved a tons of my problems regarding my office Web mail. I'm loving it.
Conversation view....would be 5 star if it had that.
please change the app icon to sthing more eye friendly, and make the icon show the number of unread mails
Nice
All K9's great features are outweighed by 3 major defects:  1. It's become so slow as to be virtually unworkable. Mass-deleting spam, for example, now takes 5 minutes when it used to take 30 seconds.  2. It's now hugely unstable. Frequent crashes are the norm, and filling in the reports is pointless as there's no-one to reply. 3. Because it's open source, there's no customer support to ask for help. And if I had the time to trawl forums for info, then I wouldn't have the problem in the first place!
need a big size widget. besides,it's poll frequency doesn't work. even if i increase the time of poll frequency it notifies me immediately when there is a mail in the inbox
Easy to use.  No annoying quirks.
Used to be great too many bugs now
Awe
No more blank messages. I love this app!!
Works well
Brand new update on the apk release page. Works like a charm now and fixed issues. Rekindled my love for this app.
Works great on my ASUS TF701 10.1 tablet running Android 4.3
K-9 email has evolved into a great email app for my work email. Has everything I want: great interface, fully featured, runs quick and isn't bloated.
Use to check my school email (CMU). Works great!
Good
App is a loy better than the stock s3 app.  But has been buggy lately with getting stuck syncing mail.  It will just continue trying to sync and drain the battery down.  Wish it would time out and not kill my battery.
Pop settings work, but Imap doesn't.
:D
It's the best.
never fails
99% of people hold their Phone  With their right hand and and use their right thumb on their 4.5" screens.  So WHY PUT BUTTONS AND CONTROLS ON THE LEFT???  No swipe to delete. Check boxes on left???  Why
Nice to see an update after 14 months... but is it too much to ask to get a scrollable widget? Srsly :) AOSP 4.4.2
NONE of my bad comments get published. So I give five stars so that at least this comment will be seen by Canadian customers.   THIS SOFTWARE IS USELESS AND DOES NOT WORK WITH SHAW CABLE IN BC OR AB, CANADA. DEVELOPER DID NOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS BUT JUST REPLIED TO MY EMAIL.
LED light won't blink as requested when receiving mail (Droid MAXX)
Simply would not update the inbox after a day, I raised the size of messages allowed and the number, but it polled and returned nothing so with regret uninstalled. It was good while it lasted but it didn't last long.
Thank you.
Works quite nicely for my needs and multiple accounts.
I've been using this app for three generations of android, currently running under KitKat on a nexus 7 and moto g. As a single email client managing five different email accounts, it's smooth and very effective.
Good app
Its one of the best email apps I've ever had. Is it possible to have a "move to" feature so I can move accidentally deleted emails from the trash folder back to the inbox?  I find this happens to me most when I select all messages and delete them but I forgot there's a few I don't want to delete.
Duh
Can someone tell me how to setup up spam folder
keeps freezing
UI could be better and needs a preview widget. I used K9 for a good while but eventually switched over to SolMail because of the two things mentioned above. Never uninstalled K9 because I hope future improvements can allow me to switch back (and be done with SolMail, which has functionality issues). I'll keep my eyes open for an update, guys. Being able to swipe away unwanted emails would be a good start.
Worked consistently well until, one time only, it said, "Sorry, temporarily stopped working" after I tried to send one of the most important emails of my life to my fiance. All lost. A lesson learned? Yes. However, I will be returning to my native email app. As I say, good until it failed.
Very easy to view all mails in one consolidated inbox. Thanks.
When it works, it's great. Whenever I mark several messages and try to delete them, it crashes. Apart from this little glitch it is my favorite email app.
Very robust app with a lot of thought and care gone into it.  However seriously lacking in dealing with spam and viruses.    Spimap app takes k9 and is working on adding these crucial extras that k9 won't deal with
I've had a great experience with this app on a variety of phones.
Our office upgraded to Office365, and K-9 no longer connects.  It is a shame; I loved the customization available on syncing folders.
I have a pop3 account it does not notify me I have new email I have to manually refresh to get new email, like the app but bug needs to be fixed.m
Ive recently and randomly started having a lot of issues connecting and downloading my emails when I am on data and when the emails do download I don't see a body of text. The constant server check ia draining my battery on the nexus 5. I hope its fixed soon.
Great app
I've been using K9 for over a year now on my S3 and have found no problems at all.
Really pleased with this. Whenever I get a new phone I try the stock email app but get fed up and download this one. Good support for plugins including widget plugins help get the best use of this.
The best email app out there by far..
I have tried.. but I am unable to forward any mail with attachment, without downloading and re-attaching.. Any fix.. to save time and data..
I use three different outgoing accounts, but only one incoming IMAP. Two of the three accounts forward to the IMAP account, and the sent/received by fields are left unchanged.   Every other email application that I use on ANY platform can identify the address in the TO field and correctly select the reply address to use accordingly.   K-9 consistently chooses to send using the account that the email was received through.  I should not have to select the correct from email address every single reply.
I have been managing 6 email accounts for over a year with K-9, and it has worked great the whole time! Great features and very manageable settings.  Phone: HTC One X
This plus APG is the only way to go for secure email on android.
I love it
Extra
I don't like that you can't copy and paste written text in the app. I also don't like that you can't attach a document from your 'my files' section of the phone.
Works well, thorough. But there are a few quirks.
Great app just change the icon please.
I need to sync manually to get the email notification. push notification not working. Im using kitkat 4.4.2
Love this app.
Such a fantastic client. Unfortunately, Microsoft got rid of WebDAV in exchange and K9 will no longer work.
any file in attachment,back to standard E mail app,everything works and opens fine.
K9 does everything I want. The advanced configuration options make it very flexible but are tricky if you are not mail savvy. My only niggle is that it is sometimes really slow to update the screen.
Good email for android
Great app, does what it says and a bit more too
And has AGP integration.
Use this for my mail, but if there was a 4x3 widget for the home screen the app would be 5 stars.
Use this for work and  love it
It's such a good app, it has a lot of features, that stock app couldn't provide. But it's laggy and has a lot of bugs such as folder list in gmail acc, problems with msgs deleting, default send acc settings. Also, it has scary icon, and may be it'll be good to add some themes.
Two issues which are show stoppers for me.  1) Email addresses are only autofilled from the adress book.  The standard email program, on the otherhand, would also keep a list of people I previously sent/recieved from.  I don't want to add everyone of them to my contacts.  2) Adding attachments not so get.  It 'completes' the action with MyFiles which does actually allow you to attach.  Should have its own file picker.
add spam / ban button
Good
Back when all I had was a Droid 2, this was a stellar app that  had Gmail beat. Then I got a Nexus 4 & 7 last year and switched to the Gmail app which I used up until a 2 days ago when I decided to give K9 another go.  While I am pleased with the updates to the K9 app interface, I have knocked 2 stars from my previous 5 star rating, the lack of device setting sync and notification sync. If I clear a notification on one device it should automatically clear on another. Needs vacation responder control as well
Been using for a while now and it works well on my Nexus 4. Don't really like the gmail emulation with the tiles but that's just my taste. It's stable and does everything you need and is easily configured. Needs a reply/forward option in landscape mode as this is missing, and also doesn't seem to receive automatically when a message is sent. Hence 4 stars.
Great
works great and feels sweet
Everything i've wanted in a smartphone mail app.
i had this app on my tablet n it worked fine...no problems:)
Frequent updates and quick bug fixes. Tons of features. Stable and dependable.
Great
I just changed devices and added K9 to my new device, since I loved it, and now there is no menu option to add a second account.   Tapping or double tapping the icon at top left does nothing.   Uninstalling til this is fixed.  Using a Galaxy S III running Android 4.3
Better than installed app
Multiple gmail accounts on multiple phones. Easy to use.
I'm having a problem finding an option to display a confirmation dialog when sending a message. Is there one? And I can't find how to display check boxes for selecting messages to delete. Is there an option for this too?
Best free mail app I've seen so far!!!
Not sure why but it wont sync with yahoo mail....i refresh and wont show me anything newer the a week ago mail
It has everything one could want from an email client at an unbeatable price. It even looks pretty. The only thing missing is the MIME signing/encryption.
I don't normally write reviews but I felt compelled to after using this app.  I was getting very frustrated with the built in android email app for many reasons (the main two being the inability to move mail to other folders and only storing sent mail locally without the option to save to my imap sent items folder).  I downloaded several email apps before finding k9 but none of them were very good.  K9 is amazing! Someone mentioned it on a forum so I gave it a go. It does everything I need and more.
Terimakasih
It stopped sending me emails. Tried to reinstall but now won't let me connect. 3 emails to Dev ignored. Unless you jump through hoops and download software to bug report they won't help you. VERY disappointed. Great app poorly supported!
No problems so far, so much better than stock email app for nexus 7 that has crap resolution and the odd bug plus a stupid amount of battery usage than this app, a highly recommended email app
Pretty cool app it would be nice to see a swype delete added along with some themes.
After trying various mail apps that either crashed or would not register my email accounts, I came across the highly rated K-9 mail app.   It is easily customizable with an intuitive interface and reading and replying to messages (which I do on a daily basis) is a breeze.    That is, until it started acting buggy with my Gmail account and I was unable to send or receive mail. On to other apps...
I wish that the app would auto update all my inbozes upon launch, instead of just Google.... Besides that I love this app, it's one of my Mandatory apps. :-)
I have used this app for a year now and find it useful and intuitive to use. What's not to like? I recommend it to all my friends and many have come back saying how useful they found it. Give it a try and you won't be disappointed. C
using this app many years, never had problem before. now, in the past couple days i had battery drained overnight completely. as soon as sync for k9 disable , no drain anymore. i saw many of us who use k9 got same problem, dev please fix.  nexus 5 with 4.4.2 installed.
Seems to have stopped working with Yahoo mail. Dunno if their problem or yours?
Gh
Doesn't update. Have to keep uninstalling and installing
It's ok but takes longer than other email apps to sync with yahoo. Went back to the stock app
Nuff said!
This is the best mail app I have ever used. Auto check mail. Thanks
Drains my battery nexus 4 next to screen ..
Thank you K9!  After the Kitkat "upgrade" couldn't display pic  attachments on regularly used email app on Nexus 7.  K9 allows me to display them again.  KitKat upgrade also caused messages to be deleted on the server after deleting them on Nexus.  K9 fixed that problem too..Also didn't have a "select all" feature and had to tap each email to select and delete.  K9 took care of that too!  Easy to use and set up!  Thank you for a great product.
Waiting for new apps like this.
Hde
But I think that the paid version of K-@ Mail evolved pro is better. Particularly the scrolling widget. If the K-9 team provides such a widget then it would be just fabulous.
Love the new interface, split screen is very nice feature. Way better then old version. Keep up the good work! Best mail app on the market i think.
Refreshing the folders is still an issue but the app functions great!
Best i have found
Brilliant email client that resolves all the shortcomings of tjs android native mail app. Especially great if you have many accounts and a lot of folders. Let's you choose custom sent, draft, spam etc .... And let's you synch only select folders. Read the instructions to set up advanced folder setting. Easy to do once you know how.  Highly recommend this app.
I use K-9 for all my other email accounts except for Gmail. I think the Gmail client works best for it - and I like many of it's features. I wish K-9 was more polished on it's user interface. On my Galaxy Tab 2 7.0", it's nearly impossible to click a select/check box without opening the message. Maddening when you just want to check off a batch of messages and mark them read or delete them. Imagine the frustration on a phone screen.  As a graphic designer, I'd be HAPPY to contribute to the interface dev to improve this.
All accounts, one place.
Best email app so far. I've only tried for a few hours. But it has every feature I need and does everything I need it to.
it's very very usefull app for me because befor I have this app I had to check my gmail & email in two app but now i just check one app! and it's easy to use
keep it up
good
I am a big open source fan so really appreciate the continued development of K-9. It's a bit overcomplicated with loads of options as often happens with FOSS and the aesthetics could be better (especially the icon which sorry to say makes my eyes bleed). These issues aside however this is a really solid email client, I take my hat off to the devs and hope to see K-9 evolve.
Finally a way to untangle all the gmail threads. Also being able to see more than one email account in one place is wonderful.   I just installed it on my S3, and so far it's working well.
Multi-select / index view is way too limited....can't move messages etc.
Love k9 but no office 365 support really let's it down.
It solved my problem  accessing our Exchange 2003 email
This is far preferable to the built in email app, and much more to my liking than any of the many other email apps I've tried.
I have used several email apps and this appears to be one of the best.  Personally, I'd say don't change a thing.
The force monster hits me every couple seconds, kitkat nexus 7
Not able configure my office mail via exchange. Wonder what's the issue.
Will we ever get Exchange 2010 support?
Excellent app!
Finally, I can make sense of my gmail and view it in a classic inbox style that let's me open emails as they should be, without those nonsense conversations!! I love k9 mail, it let's you group all of your email accounts into one handy place, and batch editing of large amounts of spam is a breeze. This app is FAR superior to the Ymail and Gmail apps. I recommend this to anyone wishing for a more old school approach to your android mail.
Works great
I absolutely love this app to run my 4 work email accounts. Works perfectly on my SG3. My only request is to add the feature of Turning off fetching email to include weekends. If I want to know about my email on weekends I'll fetch it manually..... Otherwise I'd prefer to save the battery for more weekend related fun.
Works great but don't like how you have to select multiple emails to delete
You can set to always show pictures in all emails.  Super frustrating you can't do this in the gmail app.  A little slow sometimes though.
Can't complain. Works fine.
Good
Think this app drain battery very fast.
Perfect. Nothing to add.
Like many before me I have trialled most email apps on android. My phone and tablet are on version 4.3 and this app is the outstanding one on the platform. I have no complaints, only praise for those responsible. Thank you.
Great!
Nice app, ugly logo
I've tried GMail, and the mail thing that came with my S-3. Neither was quite good enough. Both lacked little things in the way of customization that made a huge difference to me. K9 does all I wish it to! There may be better mail software out there, however I see no  need to install dozens of them at the same time to compare, in the perhaps forlorn hope of finding something that would provide any extra functions, or customization than I already have with K9. You won't be dissatisfied.
Nice app., but no good for Outlook as it will not display sub-folders , not even sent mail .  Too bad, because it looks like a good app.
Puts all mail in one app. Saves battery by using optional black background.
Better than the stock email client!
Aol mail had stopped working.
Used to be good but recently prone to crashing and very slow.
Using this app for long time a go and force my employees to use it on my nexus 3 and now will start to use it on my new nexux 5 with KitKat android Hope it will work as great as before
I downloaded this to replace the Microsoft Outlook app and so far, it's a lot easier to sift and sort email. I just wish the push settings  were more intuitive.
I hate gmail ! Nothing is ever deleted only archived only time will tell why.  I hate all my contacts linked to conversation  mode, no way to disable.   K9 makes getting email easy! I love dog icon also no boring envelope.
When setting up this app it forces you to put your name into a field that will file it on to every email you send. This feature made me uninstall. There is no way to get around this and not put something on the bottom of everything? Wow! That sucks!
Simply the best
Great app. I wish you could schedule email delivery. Also icon is really ugly.
Upgraded for the Kit-Kat fix --What happened to the read/unread color circles???
Best mail app
Its a nice app. Does more than what the Stock Android email does
This is a very good application and I can finally get the same control as I have with my mutt setup. The only feature, which  I'd like to see is unified sent, drafts and thrash folders. And I'd like to be able to hide the unified all mail folder.  Thanks for a very good and useful app.  The devs had added a gmail like letter avatars, which is nice, but the above feature is still desired.
Been using this one for years and it's a feature rich, rock solid app for me. Overall recommended. Only annoying thing is that whenever I pick my phone the top status notification  bar (to chech battery,time, etc) is briefly hidden by K9 which shows app status...grrr
Please let me know how to configure outgoing mail server setting. I am not able to send the reports.
My favorite email app.
Update : Much better than other email apps, works great, hopefully phone version will get same ui as tablet version. Themes would be nice. Also bring  back the checkboxes selection!   Was great until I decided to send an email, being an email app, it failed and kept trying to send it. If the basic function doesn't work then not worth it.. uninstall!!!
If you have a nexus 5 with KitKat 4.4 and your messages are blank, disable auto fit in global settings.  Great free email solution overall. Don't give a 1 star just because a new version of OS broke something, and you've been using it perfectly for years. That's not fair.
Does not work,  takes about 15 minutes to download headers and then fails. It's a shame looks like a great app.
It was okay but now it cannot open attachment.
Good organization but even with background sync on I haven't been getting any notifications and I get a lot of emails in a day
I only need it for my office's POP3 e-mail so I can't comment on the other features. On my Galaxy s3 phone it is much better than the awful Samsung stock email client which is a little buggy and annoying to use. For me K9 is just perfect, I can't think of a single complaint.  Affirmative!
I will ask him!
Open source, handles g mail and business mail, and has a keen user interface. Slightly worse than the native gmail app, but it makes up for it in flexibility.
Hats off to the OP team to use the bug tracker and the way u said it instead of giving 1 star report the bug luv u guys smart move ...
i am truly impressed!
Tried all options to set up hotmail/outlook but does not work. I can get my Hotmail on other email apps on android just not this one...
I love the new design.
Just perfect.  Thank you
Could not get to work
I hate gmail! I am told Android users are forced to use it when purchasing phone. Gmail has  no delete button which means archive stored by Government! K9 makes it easy to send, receive, delete, set up account
Moto X Kitkat. Won't connect with exchange server.
K9 is an awesome app and is good to use...
Love this, It makes handling my large emails so much easier ...
Other clients connect seamlessly to Exchange. this one did not seem to know what Exchange was.
Have used K9 for several years.......tried others but always come back.  Outstanding effort.
I got this just to see what it was like. Wow, it let's you do so much more than other e_mail programs. So now I use it and not Gmail or the mail app that came on my Sony Xperia Z Ultra.
Awesome app for mails.
I tried many other applications but I found this K9 mail was the best,  run smoothly and all my communications using  email so smooth.   Only one thing maybe the icon have to change hahaha
I tested K9 because stock email does not handle spam for my Pop mail. K9 seems to say it can flag emails and it even has a Spam folder. Unfortunately it doesn't do anything. Even the some basic filtering functions would get rid of most of the spams. Most of the other features are not useful because I don't want to manage another email system in addition to my laptop.
It is a great program. The only problem is i cannot attach local files. Only local files i can attach is music, photos etc and files on cloud like dropbox, drive. No option to choose local files. Am i using it wrong or is it just like that. I am using Galaxy Note 8.0 with Android 4.2.2. If this problem can be solved then it is a 5 stars!
Best email client ever used on Android.
start hanging,  force close and more
I installed the K9 app and it works fine as long as I am on a wifi connection or the wifi is turned off completely. If the wifi is on and I am not on a connection,  I get a " couldn't log in check username and password" notification message. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and also did a factory reset on the phone but the notification messages continued so I have uninstalled the app.
Great
Please add exchange 2010 support.
the most advanced free e-mail app there is. It actually is better than most paid versions. The only thing i wish from the developers to build a widget for the app... Love you
Good
Most excellent email client for android... At the moment!
Just switched from iphone to android.  This app made the transition painless.  Easy set up, and functions perfectly for both gmail and business email.  As in native iphone email, K-9 option to view inboxes aggregated or separately.
Beware K-9 corrupts PDF attachments. Deal breaker for business users.
I have 1gb of emails. When i load new mails and open the new one it hangs. Please fix this issue. Its the best email client till now for android.
I use to never have a problem with this app, but recently it stops working for no reason. Now I have to uninstall and reinstall every few weeks. Other than that I do like this app, but its a headache so looking for something else comparable.
No office 2010 onwards really?????
K9 mail is very good. Can link many mailboxes. Provides excellent interface to other apps for viewing attachments.
The app is useless with Gmail as there is no feature to archive or star a message in one click - it requires three clicks. Also no swiping control. On the bright side, lots of settings which are quite helpful.
Best native mail client I have seen so far, especially compared to desktop.
Very fast email app, after trying a couple others, I'm settling for K9. Much more customizable than stock android email app too.
Jeremy is right. Forget the add to contacts. Dumb move
I like having all email accounts in 1 app but constantly fc when deleting emails from unified inbox
Seriously can you please consider a proper icon for such a powerful application, that Icon is out off sorts.. And it would make a professional look like a joke. I think its about time that Google puts a stop to these silly icons. Really make it square and nice so that it flows with the android UI.. Or simply put a nice envelope.. This is the best mail client around but is in need of a real icon that makes it look real too. Why cant developers just put icons that match with the android UI..
DIdn't work
Brilliant with gmail, came back
I've been looking for a great, simple, and easy to use mail app. Out of all of the mail apps, this one was the best
Seems as though the app isn't marking emails as read on the server. It's also not deleting emails from the server.
So much better than the standard android one.   Just installed the latest (free) version and haven't found any issues yet.  My only gripe is the limited  attachment feature. You can only add from Gallery or Music.  Why not add a browse button so I can find a PDF or something? The workaround is to be viewing the item then share with K9 but that's no good if I'm already eolying to a mail!
Works very well!
Five stars if you fix the cut messages in Android 4.4 (first one or two lines of text are hidden)  Fixed in 4.8 thx
Looses mail all the time, I tried every option, incomplete web and support, I forced to install other mail app.
Its a good email client, leaving gmail and yahoo behind. But settings are tricky.
It keeps me up to date on all of my accounts.
Would be great if you could enlarge the text
Best out there.
I have used k9 before, it was a good app at that time but when I used it the display was never fit the width settings, NOW they do. So when I open the email it is fit to the screen, no more scrolling around. Now this is different, I don't know if this is new setting but for me this is new.
Multi-view support please.
I have been searching and searching for the perfect mail app to replace the native GMail app and this is it. The user interface is exceptional, clean and user-friendly in every way. I wish I could pay for this app because these guys certainly deserve it. Well done!!
It's not showing pictures even so I pressed show pictures. It shows just Empty Square. It's not displaying other language characters like Gmail App Shows. The only thing about Gmail is that is not refreshing proper way.
Been using K9 for years, it's made its way with me ever since my Froyo days. Keep up the good work!
Gmail not working. Otherwise, it is great app.
The best Mail client available on Play Store, IMHO..
Fabulous app the best email app on the market. Keep up the good work.
so far so good
Doesn't work. Kept saying my email and password were invalid when they weren't. Also last time I installed this thing I couldn't get the emails to print.
Excellent app. Thanks for adding option to toggle light/dark themes
Just what I wanted.
Built-in email app is all right but very basic.  My favorite part of K9 Mail is "select all". If basic email has that feature,  I never found it.
love this app.  stock android email app is so frustrating b/c with my yahoo account it always has problems with signing in, but not k9...never an issue.  Also love the feature you can mark read or delete multiple emails right from the pull-down status bar !!
Outstanding app!  Works with the system email doesn't.
Need to work on the app,  has no option of how often to synchronize the  email account. Thanks
Good app, will be 5 star if added 1) popup of most frequent contact when writting mail   2)forward with attachement only and  no text enclosed
The reply button no longer exists in landscape mode? Seriously?  Also if someone sends me a group email and someone else replies, you more stick all those messages together in a folder and only show the most recent reply in my preview? You just caused me to run across town for a canceled meeting because the notice wasn't showing in my inbox, just someone else's irrelevant reply.   If I wanted gmail, I would not have installed k9. ZERO STARS!
Have tried several mail clients before now, but K9 seem better. For now i give it 4star
I haven't been all that impressed the gmail's app as of late so I went on the hunt for different mobile email client.  And for a while, K-9 was it.  It did everything I wanted without clutter.  But with a recent update, it took a turn for the worse.  My biggest beef is with the way they now handle multi-select.  I like to just click an icon on the left and select an email...then click another and so on and then move/delete/etc the whole batch.  But now if you click the icon on the left it asks you if you want to add the sender to your contacts.  This is something I almost never feel the need to do but it's apparently one of the easiest things.  To select an email you no how to long-press on the email and find "select" in the menu.  Turned one of the easiest and most commonly used features into a chore for me.   Moving on.
Doesn't work with exchange mail
Only i dislike we cannot search old mails by name or sender..any solution pls
Sync, copy/paste, sender search. Everything i need.
I love this app but I don't know why it doesn't sync unless i did it manually.. I don't know if disabling gmail app has something to do with that problem. Worth to mention that background sync in app setting is set to "Always".. Help is appreciated..
For those having issues with Yahoo... Yahoo has recently upgraded their servers and you must use ssl authentication now. Change it in your settings and all will be well. This was a Yahoo issue, not a K9 issue.  I wish K9 would update the icon and slight tweaks to the interface would make it a 5 star app.
I could never get this app to push my Yahoo emails. I've tried rebooting and reinstalling. I've tried pushing all folders and only 10 folders. I've tried setting folder classes to 1st class and pushing only those. I've tried every idle time between 24 minutes and 1 minute. I first got this app 6 months ago and it never worked. I held on to it, hoping for a magical update. Today is 12/8/13 and I'm uninstalling it. According to Google, many users are suffering from this same problem.
Tried out Aquamail, Evomail, MailDroid, Kaiten, and the native Android one, but I found K-9 to be the best of the buch for a Self-hosted IMAP scenario.   The interface isn't the most appealing but the functionality definitely outweighs the competition. I rely heavily on an "Archive" folder and K-9 has a button for archiving, to avoid having 3 prompts for moving to a folder.
The best free mail client on android so far
Best mail client on Android by a mile. Highly recommended!
I've been using this app for almost a year for work and I've never once been able to successfully send a message via Exchange Server. Every time it fails with IOException, error 440. What's worse, there's no way (I'm aware of) to read the complete text of the error message to help troubleshoot the problem, because the error notification in the top bar gets cut off.
i just downloaded this app and i am happy about it.  but i found one main feature missing while attaching file only gallary, photos and select music track  come, wherein it should show the SD card root address so that we can attached any file stored on sd card. i just want to convey this msg to developer to pls include this into your next update soon . that would be a great help for us.
Love it
I noticed K9 mail looked different on my Nexus 7 running Kit Kat and now I see that my Note II will have to wait a little bit to get the update. The UI improvements are great. Another thing I like a lot about K9 over the stock email app is having a consistent interface across platforms whether using a Samsung, Motorola or Nexus device. This is especially important to my wife who doesn't adapt to different interfaces as well as I can.
Makes the frustrating stock version look stupid.  Truly worth a 5 star due to intuitiveness and customizability not to mention searchability power that is increasingly rare these days.
Some links in emails don't work, like they are not hyper links, but they do in the gmail app. Also, if I read a message on my desktop gmail the notification will not clear (mark as read) on my phone. It's like server read status isn't pushing but everything else is. Android 4.4 on a nexus 5. I'd also like a vibrate only in silent mode.
Would be easier if when adding an email you could just select "Gmail" or "yahoo". Once fixed Ill give 5 stars.
I upgraded from the stock standard Android email client to K9. The Android version was fine and did it's job, and I had no complaints about it. However, now that I have K9 I realise that Android is sooooo slow and featureless. Why did I suffer for so long? K9 is awesome and an app that I am happy to pay for. It's perfect!
Best Android free email client so far.
Instant deal breaker for me.
Easy cofiguration. No bullshit.
This app should be at the top of the list of great apps for Android. The developer knows what's up, keeps it up to date and continues to support it. Email via this client works like a breeze, any type of email account can be handled by this app.
I just don't use the auto sync
K-9 mail drains battery too fast when on data network. It usually goes around 10-20%, and today it uses 70%. There is definitely some bug, my suspicion is when handling unstable network.  But other functions works great so I give 3 stars. Keep up the good work.
Suggested by Verizon Wireless as a workaround to Android 4.4 Kitkat Email default app which perpetually tries to sync, drains battery with no timeout or success.  Highly recommended. Nice UI. More options/control than Android default email app. Will be using even if Google fixes the bug.
Easy to add new email accounts. Good interface and no issues! Better than the standard client in cm10.2.
I'm not a heavy email user - I just have a few accounts I need to check now and then. That being said, this app works very well for my needs. My gripes are that the checkboxes to select individual emails are way too small and I usually end up opening the email instead of selecting it, text reflow on zoom would be nice, and it would be very nice to have the option to always load images from senders in my contact list (this is a wifi-only device, so I don't care about conserving bandwidth, and I didn't see any such option in the settings). Otherwise, this app is great on Gingerbread.
Best email app around but man is the icon ugly.  A traditional envelope would be much better.
Fixed all my KitKat email  problems with battery drain since upgrade on nexus 4
Justo lo que quiero
Thus is hands-down the best emailckient for Android. Use it.
Exchange 2010
After the horrible face lift to the Gmail app that is equal to the tragic face lifts of many hollywood stars I wanted to say thanks for a great email app.  K-9 Mail is straight to the point, easy to setup and use...and it lets me know when I have mail RIGHT AWAY!!  It's great!!!!  Thanks for saving me from the Gmail monopoly!  I've been using it now for about a week and it works great!  Updates in sync on a snap.  Perfect app!
Really good one, thanks. Would be great if there could be the option to see my sent mail and responses in the thread - like in the gmail style, not only received messages. Thanks.
Hideous black and green color scheme
This application goes automatically to Syncing Disabled
It all worked fine and it would be my client of choice, however I just can't look at that icon day in day out, and I've had to uninstall it. Sorry, pls consider modernising the icon.
Don't miss it...
Just downloaded this app and I already love. I setup both my gmail and work IMAP account. Configuration took a couple minutes and then customized settings for both accounts. Very flexible and simple to use. Great work.
Works better than stock email
I really like this email client. I downloaded it years ago and didn't care for it, probably because I had a bad android phone and android was still in its infancy back then, but I can tell it's matured quite a bit and has come a long way. Keep up the good work 
Does it all elegantly and for free
Super
I got tired of all the drafts in gmail client. And I hate to read e-mail's in conversation mode. This application allows me to read the e-mail's like on the desktop. Great work. Keep up.
One issue I'd like to point out, when ever Im viewing my inbox the settings button has no effect, I have to go to the account page and access settings there.
Unable to install looks like it's requiring KitKat. Sorry I'm still on Android 4.3.
I have been using this client for a while and have been happy.  Unfortunately, the arrival sorting option does not function correctly and this has resulted in me missing important business emails. Please fix and I will give you 5 stars.
I have used this app with my erstwhile motorola milestone for more than 2 years but since my switch to samsung did not use it until the 4.3 update came and the samsung native email app went out of box....the best alternative after trial of may others is K9 and i am thankful to the developers for that.
Great App
Great app.
awesome but laggy and buggy
not working..
Used just for 20 min now but will definitely replace the gmail app I was using. Only thing I cannot find is how to delete folders. Any ideas? I am using Android 4.2.2. On a "Ceros Revolution" tablet. Thanks developer.
Works as designed. Very fast. No major problem so far.
Everything is perfect except error attachments viewing. Cant even view jpg image.
It's not outlook but it works.
I like this app. It makes accessing my work email easy. But when I forward, I Can't forward with attachments. I hope there's an update on this.
Currently works perfectly for all email provider,  except for my office email.  Need support for MS exchange 2010. Like flipdog's Maildroid app does.
Just installed it and it is working like a charm with my POP account and my hotmail / live accounts, without a glitch sofar  Love all the settings that can be changed, and most of all that I can finally empty the trash bin with one simple action  Oh and this is running on a Nexus 5 with KitKat
I love the app but lately have been getting a smtp 550 error and cant be fixed
Doesn't load more messages and sending emails with attachments are slow, even leads to error.	I believe I have enough wifi connection to load these stuffs, In fact, I have commented here on Google Play. :D Loading more messages leads to no response and waiting and waiting for emails with attachments to send for hours with just a few kbs of data leads to socket exception error something. Please fix. Uninstalling.
I installed this app at the request of AOL because my aol email suddenly stopped syncing.  Well, it doesn't sync on this app either.  So I still am not getting my emails.   Epic fail.
SENT files cannot be opened in K9. Tap the "paperclip" link, and be faced with an "!", and no image. Works fine in stock email. Unable to 'share' from Google Chrome to email, using K9. Although it accepts the share, the mail is never delivered. Stock email works fine, and sharing from non Google Chrome browser also works. Unable to contact devs, which is not much good :-( Please rectify? POSSIBLY this was a Google Chrome issue? Chrome has just been updated, and now seems fine (Chrome Share email via k9). Looks nice app, but problems and difficult to report to dev.
I have received some mails twice. Plz fixed this
None of my spam emails go automatically into my Spam folder, I have to manually put them there several times a day.  At first I thought it was because I was new to K9 and it was learning what I classed as Spam but it has been weeks now and not a single Spam email has been automatically detected.   If I'm missing something could someone help me fix it?
I get mails notifications also i can see number of unread mail when i open K9 but when i open Inbox i cannot see any unread mail their also message are not syncing in inbox from days. I have to check my mail through desktop application.
would have been better with attachment download progress dialog...
Always had been
Been using K9 for years, originally because basic functionality like 'reply all' was missing from the default client. Stayed because I needed the APG integration for work. Have never found a reason to look elsewhere since. UI is a bit "clunky" with duplicate functions in various places and multiple configuration menus tucked in all over the place. Perfectly usable, but one has to be the sort of user willing to systematically tap on every menu item in order to find everything. Highly recommended to techies.
Love this app. Will never use another
I just can't get the swiping between messages to work. It shouldn't be that tricky. Get it to work and I'll probably make it my default....
It is under a free software licence and it is highly customizable.
I guess I never wrote a review for this app before.  I started using when the default email client doesn't let email messages simply be deleted but forces them into a trash folder, which I don't need since there is already a copy of the message in the trash folder.  Today, I updated to kitkat and saw that the emails weren't displaying properly (headers covering over first couple lines of email) and I came here to report it, and tada, there is already a fix waiting for me.  Wonderful!
This works okay, but causes an IMAP problem on the server, resulting in excessive userip connections. Still keep having blank messages, even after the latest update.  Fix it!!!
The UI update sealed the deal, with very smooth IMAP IDLE support this is the best mail client for Android.
Crashing on s4 every time I delete multiple messages from unified box...
does what it needs to, and well.
Good
The best email client I've tries so far. Very fast, stable and feature rich yet easy to use.
So much better than any other Android email client.
This is one of my favorite email clients for android!
Had this app 10 mins and has locked up 3 times usless
Please try to add some customization option like Aqua mail. Also search option should have where to search.
This new update is just outstanding. you have outdone yourselves folks! Motorola Droidx, (because it still works) and on my samsung s4.
Each time I try to delete emails I am getting a message saying the app has stopped.  Also, very slow load times on an inbox with 8000+ emails.  Anyway to fix this so I can get all of those emails out of the inbox?
Loving it
Don't know what would cause an email app to stop working. Perhaps it was updated with the worlds least effective update? .
Title says it all.  Search for an email from the server hangs. I am going back to stock email app. Please fix this and k-9 would be great!
Great app but horrible looking logo. Please change if possible.
It would be nicer if the app could sync better and not have to delete stuff again that I did on my laptop.
Awesome!!!
I've been using K-9 for years, so when my messages weren't being marked as read or deleted I thought it was my phone--then I got a new phone. I blamed my server, my connection. Finally realized it must be K-9 so I searched online and tried possible solutions. Finally I couldn't take it anymore, having 50+ email showing up as new when I'd already read or deleted them (often multiple times) and having to periodically go to a PC to clear them. I've switched to another IMAP client and uninstalled K-9.
Good app......ramro chha....alikati imrovent chainchha....tab pani ramrai chha....
Ron Paul 2012
Nice. A couple bits to puzzle out, or that aren't clear, but what program doesn't have that?
Press "get 25 more messages" but they kept coming-all 600 of them. K-9 is no use to me if I cannot control it!
I've been using this email client since the T-Mobile G1 days, and it's always been excellent.  I've tried a few others, but always revert back to K-9.   My favorite feature is the support for IMAP IDLE, providing push email support.  The only improvement I could think of that this app could use would be support for S/MIME encryption.   I've been able to use Djigzo to send and view encrypted emails, but it's a clumsy solution.  Having it integrated into K-9 would be perfect.
Fast on my s4! Works great with all three of my email accounts.
Really usefull.
K-9 Mail does most everything I need in a mail client. I've had some trouble getting PGP working properly and I couldn't find a way to create folders but aside from those two issues it's perfect.
Not the most fabulous mail app there is, but becomes awesome when coupled with the IVONA text to speech app.
Terrible. Has problems and bugs from when you try to download this app.
Since I'm stuck with 2.2 android I'm glad you are around to my phone relevant.
Only mail program I have seen that will not let messages in trash be moved back to inbox for pop3 mail accounts.
at the bottom of a email when its open the trash icon is located too close to my features such as the return button or the homepage button... as a result when I swipe my finger to use the return button I have inadvertently trashed some my emails. next update place the trash icon either at the top or a part of options only thank you for that.
Not so sure about this app. It's very slow to load emails.
as compared with other similar app, K9 takes over all.. am delighted i found what i was searching for.  Thank you k9 team for the wonderful bug free software and thanks for many features at no charges (free app). Thank you very much! all the best success ahead!
Difficult to figure how to add additional accounts.  Finally was able to by trial and error.  Overall good email app.
I very like this app.
Wew
Won't push, notifications won't work. When I remember to check my phone I discover 15 emails came in with no notification.  Going back to the Yahoo mail app
Powerful yet lightwieght, and keeps evolving
The app is very good but the ui could be better as SolMail as the folder can be shown as a slider from the left to right.  The app icon is really not good i know its a trademark for years nw but thats my opinion.  the options of the app is very useful and make me feel better that i can control everything.   just pleaae improve the ui and i will donate a lot for the developer :)
I've tried several, and this is what I keep coming back to.
Love this app and the last update, but now has a new unexpected glitch. When composing a new email then highlighting text to be edited, the Select all, Copy, Paste, WebSearch buttons at the top of screen cannot be seen because they're covered with black.  The buttons are still there, but you have to guess where the button positions are. If you touch the correct button position all works fine, but this needs to be fixed.
On my s4 I can only check my email once...  When I try it a second time it just hangs and I have to reset my data connection for it to check again.
Better than Samsungs junk email app. Try it you will like it. You can erase all with two clicks.
I would truly like this app to work. It has more features than many other mail programs and a nice UI for viewing emails. What I don't like is the unreliability. Email won't push, error messages that you can't read fully, and now messages just sit in my outbox and NEVER get sent. I'll check the bug list to see what's there but it would be nice to know what all these random error codes mean and to read the whole problem somewhere - like a log. These are all MSN accounts. Don't make me return to Outlook app.
Best email app I've ever found but no matter what I do it makes my led light blink red so much it makes me nauseous. I hope you guys fix this I don't know how every one else puts up with this.
Quits when deleting multiple emails chronically
Could it be possible to change icon? I think that is the only down side to app.
Best of the rest
Has the features of a paid client and works well.
I bought this solely for the dark themed option which is not available in the standard email client.  However there's a bug which causes multiple copies of each email. Strangely, this seems to be more frequent when the device is sleeping during the night.
Could have a nicer icon though! Nice holo UI, great functionality.
Works great
The only email app I've found that deals properly with my convoluted IMAP folder structure.
I used to brag about this app but now it makes ALL of my emails disappear when I haven't even opened them.  TERRIBLE!!!
Great app.
One the good clean email apps. Beat of all its free. Keep up the good work.
Best
Have tried several email apps but this is easily the best
They tried to get cute with new useless features and broke message reflow when you zoom mail. After months of waiting and the official bug report never even being updated I've moved back to the standard Android email app. It is surprisingly good nowadays. FYI the PGP in k9 mail never worked right anyway. So don't install this app thinking it will buy you anything.
If only push would work. Menues could be more userfriendly.
Awesome email emulator app.  Way better than what Gmail had for me to use.  Great app.
No mess. Just works
After latest update, stops working in the middle of every session. Please fix; don't make me go back to the preinstalled gmail  Gave up waiting for a fix. Went to Aquamail.
This is highly recommended.
SSL is broken... does not accept some certificates.
Brilliant app
Horrible app name,  and icon,  design also bad.   But maybe the best mail app for android. Even better than few paid I've tried.  Great job, thanks a lot.
Slow as molasses
Thanks
I came to use it because of an urge I have to encrypt email communications with PGP. In order for K-9 to encrypt/decrypt emails, you also need to install AGP, also in Google Play. K-9 is a decent email client.
Works great on it's own but with the APG add-on app it's the best out there.
Fantastic app. The only email app to understand my email folders correctly. Simple, quick setup. I can't recommend it enough.
Doesn't delete or update my exchange. So changes in the phone don't reflect in my outlook.   Can't use it.
Used it for years... And now works great on KitKat!
"Auto-fit messages" now look OK for me. Thanks.
Doesnt work on exchange 2010. Tried various settings without success
Incredibly responsive  development team! A feature set leaving nothing to be desired.
Crashes every time I try to delete several messages.
Installation was no problem but setting up email account failed. Could not get outgoing SMTP settings correct although email on server was downloaded. Gave up after 2 installs and much hacking settings. Pity because I really do need a functional email client on Android.
Back to being the best
My #1 app for personal email. Tried several others, but always come back to K-9. Keep up the good work. Once again a quick fix to a small problem. I thank the K9 development team for all their hard work to keeps us happy.
Seems to work well.  One of the few email apps which actually delete emails from the server which I wanted.  However the graphical interface needs more colour. Also would be nice to havw some swipe gesture commands
Was working fine on my Nexus 5 (Kitkat) with Ver 4.409, got the update to 4.800 now if I open any HTML formatted email it is shows the Sender and Subject but the message area is blank. If I use the 'Next Email' and 'Previous Email' buttons the mail flashes up for about half a second then goes blank. Plain/Rich text emails seem to be unaffected. Have now re-installed 4.409 manually and disabled auto update in the Play store as a work around. Was a 5 Star app before this failed update please fix soon
Won't update new emails. Not getting any notifications at all... Please fix!!
Deleting an email from an IMAP account actually deletes it on the server, it's not rocket science Android...
I just updated this app, and it is SO buggy. Please give me the old one back. It worked like a charm!
Has always worked perfectly until the KitKat update. Now it won't even show the body of the emails! Please fix. Thanks
Auto-fit shrinks the email so small on my Nexus 5 that it looks like a few small dots.
Before update I could only read bottom half of messages, now it works great as before thanks
At first, I couldn't read any emails that were plain text. Then I got an update after having used my Nexus 5 for like 2 hours and it worked. Now it's not working again and it's even worse. Now it won't display any emails.
No limits, no ads, efficient and frequently updated. I cant ask for more... Thanks, developer!!!
It was cutting off the top of emails before the update today, now I can't even see ANY text with this KitKat plug-in. Fix immediately please!!
I find that the top half of the text in my emails is completely cut off when I open them, and I can't scroll up to the top of the email. I can only view the bottom half of the text in the email. Please fix this bug.
Yahoo mail app had lot of issues so used this app to access yahoo account. Dont know why, but it didnt work well with yahoo.. Didnt try it with other email account. uninstalled it
All my emails are missing the first few lines if text. They get clipped and there's no way to show them even if I change the font. Any idea what I'm doing wrong?
I tried the wiki site and didn't see a fix that I liked. After years of using this on different devices, I have to uninstall from Droid DNA because it's using too much data when I'm not checking or using email.
Great app but it is not recovering mail after 5th Oct please help
Easy to set up runs fast, but I seem to have missing emails once received and read they go *somewhere* and that's not in the received, trash or spam folders. Maybe its me, but could be more obvious
Though this is one of the best app's for email on Android, it lacks of custom intervals for polling. I believe this would be better than all these pre-fixed intervals.
It's very nice, very fast, full of features, way better than the GB stock Gmail and Email app! If you have an entry-level phone, maybe with Gingerbread, this mail app would be awesome! :-)
No swipe to delete? I have trouble hitting that little circle to delete and just end up opening the message. Have to stop using it for now.
Offers to enter pop3 server only but has imap options ?! I'm really experienced but there is no way to make it work and the options are weird. No option to add a second account. Am I in the wrong movie? Never ever met a piece of scrap like that.
Works perfectly.. :-)
I have not liked the nexus 7 standard e mail apps pre installed as I can't multiple delete e mails and its a pain one at a time. This app allows you select all and delete them. Also like the amount of e mails and summaries displayed in portrait mode great, works fast and efficiently
HTC One running OS 4.3   It now takes forever for my email to refresh--if it even does. Also, it's very hit or miss with opening my messages. Also if I read a message, it doesn't synchronize as "read" on here or my computer. :( I loved this app before I got 4.3 but I can't revert to factory settings. Please release an update to fix this! :)
I was able to open it once and the new design looked great but it keeps force closing on me. I have restarted the phone a couple of times and still no luck.  Not sure if it was the 2nd update or not but it is working much, much better so far. No force closes. I am wondering if the short cut I had on my homescreen may have been linked to the old version. Not sure. Either way, this is a very nice looking improvement.  The updates have helped but it still force closes every time I try to delete multiple messages.  Although this has been updated several times, it still has not fixed the problem with deleting multiple emails. It will allow it once or twice but then it force closes.  It is a shame because it is a good app but it is just too buggy to use consistently!
This app works for recieving IMAP email just as well as the default gmail app works for google mail. If not better
Stock galaxy note 3 exchange mail stopped pushing. This worked right away. No push but I'm ok with 5 min poll
Wouldnt retrieve mail. Not from secure servers, not from open network, and not even from aol. No good. Wish there was a zero. Heres an idea, pay me for wasting my time on your app. Could habe spent an hour watching grass grow.
A really nice email app but I deleted it just because of the keep-awake issue I had. The battery life was massively reduced on my pipo max 1 (running decontaminate ROM) and Asus Transformer. I'd love to reload it if the wakelocks are resolved.
Nice enough to work for me.
But I wish I was able to select text within meshes.
Funciona muy bien con Pop e Imap. Puertos configurables.
I have tried many other Android email clients on my HTC phone and Nook tablet and most leave me up short....but K-9 is the best I have had in 4 years and it allows multiple accounts and it is simple to use. It just plain works!!  Try it and you'll abandon the rest.  Thanks!   (BW)
I love this app. Wonderful performance. Thanks to Creator.
Honestly, I have no bad comments to say about K9 MAail. It is accessible, even for those who have low to extreme vision loss. I am legally blind, and no what I'm talking about as I use Talkback with K9 every day.
Limited 6 type of file for attachment. How can i attach documents from Sd card?
Awesome best email app ever and believe you me I have tried them all
Messages don't delete from the server like they did in the past. Imagine my surprise when I had a few thousand messages! Also, the program crashes often.
Would be nice if in the preview notification there was also a "delete" button along with the reply and mark read.  Easier to get rid of spam, instead of having to open app and delete from there.
if i get a message to my yahoo mail, which i have sent up as the default in k9.  the mail shows up immediately in my yahoo acct on computer, but in k9 mail on phone it doesnt show up for hours  unless i manually sync k9. why is this?  im running on htc one with android 4.3.
Love it! Replaced the default 60MB client with this 3MB one, and got even more features! Feels smooth and clean...I also get the Doctor Who reference
The app is reliable and efficient,  however when I hit reply my signature is at the bottom of the reply message. I would like to have the signature above the reply message .  Is anyone able to help me?
I liked K-9 and was looking forward to using it, but couldn't. I use Gmail, yahoo and for work Exchange.  While I could successfully connect K-9 to Gmail and Yahoo, it does not connect and work with corp Exchange.  It is unfortunate the app description doesn't openly state this and in fact has a false claim about Exchange support in its description.  It would be a great app if Exchange was supported.  Does anyone know the real scoop on its exchange support?
Love this app
Must have app. Everything is great except, well..., the icon.
It's nice but isn't letting me see my custom folders only showing the generic ones. It is annoying I can't move my receipts to my receipt folder. I don't have this issue with Enhanced Email. It's an sbcglobal account.
best mail client on my gts 5360, works woderfully. Much better then stock gmail and email application
This app is, definitely, the best email app out there. It's not just "the app you installed so you could read that one PGP message" - this is a powerful, fast, highly configurable email client; it runs like a dream and feels more responsive than the official Gmail app, *even on older devices like my Droid X.* Would recommend without hesitation. The clear choice for anyone looking for a more responsive or full-featured mobile email client.
Once I finish logging in, the app crashes so please fix
Great app!
Useful app suites all my needs
K9 Mail is one of the better apps ive seen on android. Using it from past 2yrs  Was waiting for a update from so long , highly excited to explore new K9 4.0.  ;-) Cheers !!
Super its application  very quickly update on mail inbox as long as my systemwas struggling .still too free. .....
Does exactly what you need an email app to do. Have had no problems.
This is a good app and I think it has the potential to be better than some phone manufacturers email clients and other email client apps in the store. However, I think what would make this app even better is having HTML  formatting ability when composing messages. It would be cool to bold, underline, and even use bulletin points and the likes. Also, I think it would not hurt if the user interface got a facelift. Overall, very good app.
K-9 is from doctor who, its the robot dog that is on the icon for this app and its awesome!!
Would like to use only one mail client, but as it stands you cannot successfully setup an OWA https exchange server with K-9.
Great e-mail client, working perfectly fine both on tablet and phone
This app have a good performance for the "bad" email provider like mine. If you have a coorporate email with bad provider access, you must try this app. And I'm sure, your email will be push like outlook or blackberry client services.
Fast and stable. Nice to haves: * option to hide All Mail folder at the top * resize widget counter  Thank you!
 I  like  it !, very  good job
This is the best free mail app for Android. It syncs perfectly with gmail, yahoo, hotmail and even outlook. !!!  Great work developers!!!
This is the great application. Works fine and it is reliable.. Highly Recommended
You need to learn it first. And search criteria needs serious work.
Please simplify the exchange settings for hotmail  Thanks a lot
If there is 10 stares, I'll give it to you.
But not not now
One suggestion is to add a separate notification sound for emails so you can distinguish an incoming text or email!  Keep up the good work.
Nice ui etc. Also look at K@mail free x
This app is not good don't download this app Bcz after some time you don't get any mail
Remove the dot above the checkbox and enlarge the checkbox. The dot is unnecessary as the email header is already bold but the checkbox is WAY too small to be effective - I always open the message instead of checking the box.
If your organization uses self signed certs, then you should stay far far away from k9 mail. This is a longstanding issue, and it seems that the team behind it are in no hurry to fix it. Google for the issue if you need any more proof.   If I accept my self signed cert, then k9 should store that exception and be done with it. But no, every time I send an email, I have to do the voodoo dance of accepting the key every time. It's ridiculous. Self signed certs are fine, especially if it's a private email server for you.   0 Stars.
convenient and easy to use.
This app looks great, and have been using it to get my work email on the road, but had trouble connecting it to any of my Gmail accounts....found solution, I forgot to use the app-specific passwrd needed with google 2-step verification. Now it all works great, Thanks!
It might have more features than the stock android mail client, but it's still quite buggy. With issues ranging from disabled sync over wifi to push not working, it's definitely not yet ready for prime time.
Cannot send mail from Yahoo... Have tried many combinations of SMTP settings. Nice for reading mail, but broken until this is either fixed or better explained.
the app lacks proxy settings,and i can't receive any email since my university uses proxy
When I first started using K9 it was the best. Now it wont even open an excel attachment.  Switched to Aquamail and its a million times better than what K9 is now. Get your stuff together and maybe I'll come back
Spent hours trying to get it to work but unsuccessfully. I
Good features. Efficient UI. Use it more and more. Thanks to all the devs.
Great app, though 2 problems are battery drain and no list widget. Needs a list widget.
Good
Excelentes resultados.  Todas mis cuentas. Buena administracion. Notificaciones.Todo bien. Perfecto. Pongo un 10 a los desarrolladores
can't select 'from' address while composing. I have several email addresses linked to my gmail that I need to use.
avge
By far my favorite combined email app. Works well.
Found good
Loving that search has been added. Can't think of anything to make it better. Plays nice with IMAP, even drafts save to the server.
It does not show contacts stored on gmail server like mail droid. Bt mail droid is paid and better than k9 because it shows your email contacts
Will not accept certificate for private SMTP server
Latest update is terrible,i have Motorola Android razr, ever since last update, very allow, constantly hangs up our doesn't respond. Trying to read your email is a joke, no problems with the old version
Should you like to take this app to the next level, then I would highly recommend including a send to 'anydo' function. This is the way email is moving. This will keep you further ahead of the competition. Thanks for the great app. J
I simply found it hard to set up right. Highly configurable, but I just messed everything up.
Overall a simple email app that needs more clicks than what is really needed. Not bad, you get used to it. The main problem is it is absolutely horrible with attachments and syncronization with mail servers. For example, attachments can take minutes to load if they ever do. Partial emails are frequent. Images are almost always corrupt or not showing without alot of tampering. When you delete in the app, the server doesn't get the call. When you check email on your computer, it's still there. Not happy!
Wish there was a version for linux in general!!!!
Reply icon disappears in landscape mode and reply is not available in menu so back to portrait mode to hit reply then back to landscape for keyboard. Dont need picture icons and gizmo gadgets... need reliable email client.  Any way to downgrade?
Simple, fully customise, just great email client, perfect for me, cause I'm using also K-9 Sony SmartWatch extension.
GU
K9 rocks as a mail client. If only they would implement support for the mailing-list mail...   a "Reply-to-list" button when the "List-Post" header is present would sort this out without breaking anything......  Please please please....
Working fine in HTC sxl with Android 4.0
It will be good if there's a widget for it
very good
I LOVE YOU!!!  Please add option to turn on/off signature. :)
with loads if features and a very active development team. had some glitches with exchange servers awhile back but all issues fixed with newer version. keep up the good work
I luv this app but since last 2-3 updates, i am not able to copy the content as cut, copy, paste controls hide behind the on-screen keyboard...
Easy to use
Good IMAP support, sd-card storage support, nice UI, lots of features.
I have to select "reply" (backward arrow) to find the "forward" option? Really?!?!?  Do any of these cheetos-munching geeks ever check to see what the user wants?  Decent app but tired of the geek-think "I can do this because its kewl" instead of "what does the user want?"
Very good and useful feature set, fast, and excellent customization options. Only niggle is inability to create new folders if using pop3 account.  Still giving 5 stars - much better than stock client and gmail app.
The client looks great. It's pity I can't use it.
A very superb mail client
Is there any way to set up the app to where it will check for new mail and intervals such as every 30 minutes or 60 minutes etc.?
Was looking for a fast,  light email client that supported push and unified inbox. This app does the trick!
Nice
Works great
Nice app, but filtering option is needed to filter messages by categories for example.
Best and fast
Every time I mark something as read or delete an email, it comes back. There must be other email programs that don't do this. Also, takes forever switching folders and program crashes sometimes. Uninstalling and not reinstalling.
Mail will not show in unified inbox even though it shows in specific email folder.  Support has no clue.
Great app best out of them all, just 3 more features to make it 5* - delete mail option in notification bar when you get new mail.  - timed sync EG 15, 30, 60 minutes.  - widget being able to view inbox etc...   All those features are on other apps so sure wouldn't be hard to implement!
Please fix the lag I have to  manually update my emails on a Samsung s4 please
You cant attach files from sd card. Basic issue
works great, especially with APG
Contrary at what is advertise there is no exchange support or if there is for last exchange it is impossible to configure That kind of s***s
Cannot modify account settings
To test K-9 I added only my Exchange (WebDav) account. Connection was flawless, and data was read fast. I went to the Unified Inbox and there was my Exchange email. I started to explore, and went into the inbox for the Exchange account. At this point, the messages were downloaded again. Returning to the Unified Inbox, all of the messages were duplicated--two of each. I checked the folder list under the Exchange account and there are two inboxes listed. Why? I uninstalled and reinstalled... messages get duplicated in the same folder. It's ridiculous. Then I added another account, used the "move up" option to rearrange the accounts in the list, and it *duplicated* the account!
No support for Exchange 2010.
Draining battery very fast, please fix it
After the latest Gmail app update I thought I'd give others a try (and plenty of them) finally settled on K9, the app that Gmail should be! The best out there.
Takes a while to find your way around the menus, realise some of the unconventional terminology and set it up the way you want, but once you're there its miles better than the default android client. Love the fact you can turn off notifications at night automatically.
First time using this mail app and I can't even delete messages as I am reading it.   It has the trash bin icon at the bottom,  but when you press it,  it advances to the next message but does not delete it.   The only way to delete messages is to go to theist view and select each message and then select delete.   Not sure if this is a bug,  but as it stands this email app is too much of a Hassel to use.
Ui is nice tidy and easy to navigate. Easy to set up my 2 mail accounts. Push is not functioning at all, have looked at settings and have installed a heartbeat app to keep network open so not sure what the problem is. Have rocketmail and MSN and push doesn't work for either. Really thought this app would solve my need for multiple email apps but without push I can't keep it.
It reads mail, supports all of my different accounts, and allows for all kinds of customization for everything from mail notifications to tag color in the unified inbox. My go-to replacement for terrible stock mail apps.
It's OK I guess, but was expecting more from it. Maybe a better fit for bigger screen size phone, not my 3.8"....
The stock android email app isn't brilliant. This one however does everything I need and more besides. It's a great app. Many thanks.  My only, very minor gripes, are that sometimes it's not clear what some of the icons mean (getting better with new releases). The archiving feature (which I don't use) can be VERY frustrating if accidentally clicked on. Please give an option to disable this feature. Lastly I get why you chose the icon but could we have the option of one that looks like an email app please.
May be extra useful if Gmail introduces ads
And the devlopers don't care, as was so eloquently said upon the Android forums. Sooo, it's crap for me. Maildroid here I come.
Excellent features and just the right customizations. Manages multiple email accounts with ease. Works beautifully on my Nexus 7 2012 gen.
Generally good POP email client! ..only issue is sometimes I cant send out my emails. I have to go to outbox, and click refile and resend a few times before it works. Then, it sends the email TWICE out!
Works excellent keep up the good work
Does anyone knows how to add another email address to this app. I intend to use with multiple email, but so far I didn't see any function to add another one. Pls help
Its been draining my battery by 10% more since the "new look", when background syncing. Plus it crashes whenever I access the menu as it polls.
The best email app ever! All my mail in one place, with a dark theme every option I could ask for! Only downside is that K9 adds a signature that you have to remove in settings.
Everytime I try to check my mail it says that there is no connection.  It also no longer notifies me when I have new e-mail.  And when I delete my mail it will not cross over to my computer.  So frustrating.  Have Yahoo mail on my mobile for my business account and I love it. If I could install it twice I would. Deleting this ap now!
Was a solid 5star, until last major interface update .  Now it is a mess,  no longer intuitive,  and tablet vs phone interfaces are to dissimilar to get used to.
I tried a few different ones when I first moved to Android years ago but once I found K-9 it was my favorite. I've tried a few since but none match up.
Vast improvements in the new version. This is still the best mail client out there for Android. The best feature - Unified mailbox. This alone makes it hands down above the rest.
Great app
Checks multiple email accounts! (More than one of each kind) & quickly notifies
Any plans to add calendar support for rackspace email?
Great app so far using a day. I was tired of using galaxy s4 default email client which gave me hard time coz of reloading deleted messages and when refreshed the old mails popped up as unread. This app seems work great so far.
Great solution for email.  Highly Recommended.
Great app its the only client I have on my s4 that actually notifies everytime I have a new mail without fail
I have an Asus Transformer Prime and I am also seeing the 'does not show body of message' issue on my device as well.  I have noticed that I can temporarily get around this when it happens for a single message by hitting the 'Send-Reply' and either reading it below, or discarding, and it will redraw the screen just that once (if I go back to the message list and try to view it again, it shows up as 'blank' again).  It's more than a bit annoying.  It's never done this before; a fix very soon would be nice...
Perfect....
This a very good mail client. Fast and powerfull.  May the source be with you ;)
Love the app. Miss the K9 notification icon. Please bring that back
It's intuitive and easy to setup and use. Configured it to use all my emails, hotmail, gmail and likes and it works awesome.
I've tried a few, but this is the first to integrate all of my email accounts. Nice layout. Would like a "home" button to return to list of accounts.
Open Source!
Never mind the previous posting. I had some issues with gmail but this app is really working nice.
I am impressed. Keep it up.
Recreate data, shut off pics & counts, much better.  Moto RAZR Maxx, Cyrus IMAP server used most often.  Huge # of folders.
Lacking multi window support.  You really need it in an email app. You need so much time to fine tune mail services. Setting up and fine tuning should be less time consuming.
I use this as my primary email app. Always works well.
And feature rich!
Would be great all in one email app but does not push hotmail or show folders.  Without these features it really is useless for me.
Reliable and easy to use. Great app. Please change the icon. A dog with an envelope slapped in its face, is such an eyesore.
Simple n does the job
One, I need to download an attachment before forwarding it. Why? I never had that issue with Maildroid.  Two, whenever I turn the mobile data off, it wouldn't give push notifications unless I open the app.  But overall, thus deserves a five seeing as it's the only e-mail app that uses true night mode (done would only make use of a night mode, only to have the message in white background when you open it. This is awesome in that case syncs has a clean UI.
I liked K9 Mail a lot. But since the latest update, the body of messages tends not to display. It usually works for a few messages and then all the messages no longer show the body text. The only way to solve the issue is to close and restart the application. I have tried the different options suggested. Nothing works. The only option is to get rid of this software. I use an ASUS Transformer Prime.
I downloaded this app because it supposedly has a spam filter,  I've searched everywhere and have had no luck finding how to configure it.  It shouldn't be so difficult
Google email client works just as fine. Basic shortcoming is the absence of html composition.
Often when I have an email that I need to 'Download complete message' I get a connection error and the email says 'no text'. This seems to happen randomly (will work with one email but not the next) but still keeps happening if I try again. I'm on full WiFi coverage at home so there is nothing wrong with my internet connection. How can I fix this? Or better yet is there a setting to make it automatically download the complete message?
Very nice
I have used K9 for several years for my non-gmail account.  The current official version is 4.409, and it is excellent.  However, today I installed the latest version posted at the K9 Mail developer's site, 4.512, and additional improvements make this email client stand out by some distance.  Even in comparison with Gmail.  Wow!
I used it for quite some time and liked it and then I went abroad and wanted to check my email - instead of using just a usual small amount of data according to my settings (downloading only the emails below 32 kB), it used nearly 4 MB for an unknown reason (I had only one new email) and it costed me more than some of the most expensive payed email clients for android. Such a thing just should not happen.
I really like this app. If you don't use Gmail, Android mail-apps are hit or miss. K-9 really should come with a price tag, it's that good. But I'm glad it's free!  However, the icon is hideous, and doesn't fit in with any themes, stock or otherwise.
HTML signatures missing...  on 4.4 multiple choice bar is always present in message list view. the relevant setting is broken and does nothing
But I hate the new color options. The old version had more options to choose from, this one has just 10 choices.
As a high volume email user, I need a mail rules feature to move mail by subject/sender to a different folder for esay viewing. Mail Droid has this feature so I'm back to that.  Otherwise, k9 is great for casual/personal use.
Unfortunately it doesn't support Hotmail. The whole point is to be able to combine all accounts into one. I was hoping that this would use less battery than MailDroid. But it looks like I will have to stick with the latter, because it does support Hotmail.
More settings than you will know what to do with. Powerful, but a little short on user friendliness. As awesome as it is, if you're the type that hesitates to delve into four layer deep sub-menus, then you may want something simpler.
There are much better clients out there.
HTC Inspire GB233 stock AT&T ROM
Its very good app only thing is even if auto sync is on it won't sync until unless u refresh it. My device is Pantech Burst. Please fix it.
Everything I wanted.  Handles my large mailboxes well.  Search works without issue and is quick.  Would love to see spell checker and the ability to move signature above quoted text in reply.  But for free this is great!
Great app. I have tried others but always come back to this one. Would hope in the future to be able to create folders in pop. A template facility would be nice and rich text bullets and a way to backup mails using pop. I am at risk now of losing all the mails I need to keep if I have a phone failure. I do not have much room at my server hence why I use pop.
Definitely the best email app. I have tried tons and K9 is definitely no. 1
This application works great, i use it with several email accounts and use the unified folder along with the color coding to identify the accounts. Only feature I would like to have is custom filters that allow me to filter junk mail to trash or a custom action.
Can we hope for an added feature where the mails i send from k9 are also recorded back on the server? (outlook / gtalk)
The new update looks a lot like the standard email or gmail app on my Motorola Photon Q, which i don't like. I don't understand why the circles (new/old) are necessary. Which version do i need to roll-back to to get the old interface? I have tried a few in the 4.3 category and they are still giving me the new interface. I have tried every other email program out there and K-9 is the best, but i'd like the old interface back, or at least a way in Settings to take away the features I don't want.
This is probably the only decent completely free email app that supports multiple accounts. But seems I will have to uninstall because it drains the battery and doesn't allow phone to enter deep sleep or wakes it more than 1800 times! It's a shame, I really like the app.
great neat and clean tool. Installs accounts with ease :)
The recent update has bogged K9 down to a snail pace. Unusable.
However,  problem in sending email sometimes
When it works it's OK but it's very unstable.   Especially when refreshing with new email it often just hangs or outright crashes with "IOException:readStringUntil()...".  Restarting the app usually fixes it but this seems to occur at least 1/day.  Samsung S3.
I few bugs here and there, but considering the supreme features and advanced functionality, those bugs are negligible.  Handles pop and imap email types very well in a well organized and tweakable app.
I like it a lot.
Having tried many email clients, this replaced subs supported Profimail for me. Setup takes some getting used to and some areas could be improved but it is great and reliable.
I've been having trouble for a long while now.  I had planed on finding another mail app:(  But a reinstall has it working fine now! :) Sure I lost all my saved mails but so be it.  I'm guessing an update went wonky?  Thanks Guys I would have missed you.
I seldom give superb ratings, but this developer has now created an AWESONE, must-have app.  UPDATE : After update 4.409, SERIOUS LAG, FORCE CLOSES. NO HELP FROM DEV. UNINSTALLING CAN'T USE. UPDATE #2, TRIED INSTALLING AGAIN AND I'M UN-INSTALLING AGAIN. TOTALLY USELESS, LOCKS CONSTANTLY, CANNOT EVEN ACCESS MAIL NOW. I OFFERED DEBUGGER HELP TO DEV, BUT WAS TOLD THEY DON'T HAVE TIME. TOO BAD.
It's the best app out there for its purpose.. I like it, using it daily non stop, there's still room for improvements.. great job tho
I love the ability to select all, but gave this a low rating because it won't allow me to open attachments.  I have yo use the another email app  to do that.  Otherwise I'd give it 5 stars.
Works great. Fast. Open source. What's not to like?
Please make a better logo and a widget.
I didn't expected to be that good.Its fast and reliabile, I enjoy the dark theme also, thanks devs, rly a must have app.
Great app
Just about perfect, i remove 1 star for not giving credit to "Doctor Who" for the name. For those of you who dont know K9 is a robot dog(Canine = K9) and the icon from this app is also heavily inspired by K9 from Doctor Who
Keep doing good work. You can charge for this. Compare with outlook mail and also blackberry and improve quickly.
So far the best email client I've tried on android, and it's free (as in speech). I almost abandoned it because of speed issues but recreating the account data solved the problem completely. The logo is terrible ;)
Works well on nexus 4 however it refuses to open pdfs which open without issue in the stock email app.
Re-installed this after almost a year... and was amazed to find the customisation options. Also one great addition is export and import of settings making it real easy to setup accounts on new devices without redoing all settings..
this app is super slow to do anything on and not very easy to access settings or to set up a signature, I would NOT reccommmend this app to anyone.
Love that the creators of this app stay on top of things! Last two updates put everything back in great working order. Couldn't be happier with this email app!
Tried most of the other paid email apps first, because they've got to better than a free app... right? Wrong!   If you don't need exchange & aren't too fussed about skinning or themes. Then this app has all the features most people will need.   Download, install, start emailing... what are you waiting for!?
Lots of features. No forced conversation (threaded) view => automatically better than official Gmail app. Could have a few more UI customizations and the options menu hierarchy feels often confusing.
Best mail client app!!
I like the function that when I zoom in it automatically fit text to my screen width.
I have been using this extensively for the last few months. It would be perfect if there was a way to filter your emails into separate folders/mailboxes as in desktop/laptop machines.
A great app...
helpful
App's polling service will hang and drain the battery sometimes.  It will "poll" forever until PollService is force-closed and the app restarted.
New update on Moto RAZR M is horrible! Slow, FC issues, not responsive to touch screen...
Best email app. Can newly everything
Conceptually good and a decent  design, but a totally unreliable piece of software. I'm not the most demanding app user, but I prefer programs to not CRASH every single time I use them - while I'm using them, especially something as crucial as a mail client..... Look elsewhere for your email needs!
I can not compose and send emails. I can not reply. I have to open the app and refresh to get mail. So therefore I get no notificationsthat I have mail when this is my main email. Wish they could update this!
Thanks
i use this for business and to be honest im about to go back to the stock android app.  this app is getting buggier by the release. i have a galaxy note and hangs 50% of the time i use it. a forc e close is usual.  i appreciate this runs on many phones but for the love of god. buy some phones and do more testing before releasing an update.  ill give it a week and then im off.  all getting a bit mickey mouse for me.
First install, Duplicated my exchange inbox. Don't have time to mess with something that has potential to do that. Uninstalled. Good luck to others
I use this for all my email needs!
Clean, easy to use, enables creation of more folders - not available on a lot of other mail apps and a must for this user.
Wow, they limit the type of files you can attach?
Very good app but no password protection, so many request for a long time now and still not implemented. Uninstalled!
I had it working fine on my old device. Upgraded to the new Droid and Android and I can no longer connect using same configs.
Used to be my favourite email client. Why did they change it?? Im gonna give it one more chance.. If the next update doesn't clean up the UI, I'm looking for a new client
Used to be amazing but now it's eaten 500+MB of data in a week on emails. I have Fetching settings to 32kb max download space and it still tears through my data plan. Any support to remedy this would increase my rating back up. The app was great until this crippling issue.
I am reluctant to criticise an open source project, but this has enough problems to warrant a serious bagging. The biggest and most consistent problem is that it will NOT close. It just keeps checking and checking when I want to stop. Even after I try to kill it, it keeps on checking.  I have got to the point where I will use something else, even if I have to pay for it. The new UI is woeful too. Update at 6/9/13, uninstalled & will use Aquamail.
At that stage it all seemed to fall to bit. Firstly it would not save without making me lose the message and reopen. When I tried to recall the draft, it had a bit missing and it looked as if the missing bit was already sent. So I tried to copy the missing bit and ....HTH do you copy? In the end I tried again and the missing stuff seemed to be there. So I tried to use it and now it would not let me enter anything.  It looked good at the3 file lkevel (display, search etc) but fell over BIG cliff when I started to actually enter data and reply to stuff. SO a 3 for trying and a better interface than email and gmail, but it's just not working as basic levels
These programmers are composed of people who have the true heart of opensource. Always on top of keeping this program fresh and in working order. They pay attention to all the reported problems.  I've never had any but I'm sure if I did, they would be there to help. Thank you folks!
I've used this app for a few months now. I really like and I think it maybe the best for people like me who need multiple accounts, including non-common IMAP ones. The only thing I'd like to change from this app is its icon. Such a great app should have a more modern logo/icon IMHO.
For some reason now with every single email the k9 locks up all the time..  I have no idea what they've done to try and fix something but they have made k 9 completely unusable   I beg your developers to go find the bug that introduced in your last update: don't make me be forced to use Microsoft email client... I beg of you
getting/saving the attachment files are problem. opening file will give error, e.g i use king office to open pdf, but it say no app can open it. use stock email are more better for me now.
But please try to support hotmail
If doing upgrade use the recreate data
K-9 updated itself a couple months or so ago, and it was clearly quite the overhaul because they made a pretty good e-mail app fantastic. With the new changes I get a nice UI, a dark theme, and crazy good performance. Prior to the update I had to wait for five seconds every time I hit 'back' from reading an email message, because it would take that long to reload the headers. Now all that wait is gone. I also have multiple (like, four) email accounts and they merge in a fast Unified Inbox with color coding.
Perfect app! My DROID2 Global doesn't like my ISP and this is the perfect solution
This app is good but main things is this app have no password protection. If I set my 3 email account, then I open this app and app open all email messages. So this app have no security. I want, when I open this app this app want password and after write password app will be open. And app eating memory.
Three clicks to mark email as spam has made K-9 useless for me. I fat-finger it too much for the amount of spam I receive. Please bring back the Spam shortcut button and then I'll change my score.
Most reliable one
Love this email app, it works great. I am really disappointed that with the last update: they removed the move button from an email navigation. Please bring back the movie button!
Dosnt support app2sd
As of right now.. This drains SO much battery, we are talking about 50% of the battery. I don't know if there's a setting or just issues in the code.
Even after reading emails they still get marked as Unread. This is very frustrating! I emailed the developers but they never responded.
Handles self signed keys better than kaiten.
Latest version has minute long load times, crashes as it appears unable to multitask, loses outgoing email etc. Worthless.  Do not install  Older versions worked ok though the menu design was a little bizarre. The update and re architecture has totally ruined the product   LG intuition
Latest update has wiped *everything* - and no, I hadn't run anything. Didn't even realise it has updated.
Great app, does everything I need it to.
Had uninstall downloaded so much email filled up the phone memory.
Battery hogger, cant disable startup in autostarts. Its sucking the jus out of my battery. Fix it.
That's a great mail app for Android
Easy and intuitive
Great improvements!
Bit disappointed that the Group messages by conversation view is only partially working.  I'm looking for a mail client that can group my corporate email by conversation much like gmail.
Can do nothing better than the standard mail app.. (uninstall after 2 weeks) test period..
I've loved this since I first got my Xperia but last update made it perfect! Right from notification bar email can be selected and buttons on side let me choose  and delete individual mail. Color selections are fun too. Highly recommend. Sometimes my email arrives on phone before computers.
This is the best email client I have found for Android. We'll done!
Also crashes complete device (Galaxy Tab). Sending bug reports has no effect - developers have never responded. No better than default email program, so installed.
I used to exclusively use this app, until my employer required an html email signature..... if k-9 had that, I'd never use another email app!
So many config options, love it. Two things I'd change or ask for help with. - Where is the text reflow option? - Night mode, using black screen with white text, the screen always starts white then flips to black, not ideal.
Better than standard Gmail app
Enjoying the new interface. Added one of my two must haves: 1) searching messages. Check!  2) Sending to group/categories? I can hope :-)
I can't add more account. Please help
If you used the "archive" and "spam" buttons in the message view screen, don't upgrade to version 4 because you'll lose those buttons and can't add them back. Still a nice email client, but losing those buttons makes the app much more difficult for me to use for my workflow.
This app used to be great. They changed the interface and since then it has been so slow that it is unusable.   It has been over a month with no fixes.
Ok, I've stuck through this new UI transition and will admit that I hate it a little less. The two things that still really annoy me are that I can barely ever select an email without opening (like u delete without opening, and I have small fingers), and when I delete emails when they are open they don't disappear right away. So if I'm trying to clear my inbox, the emails keep showing up next after I already hit delete.
The best.
The application, when I first installed it about a year ago, used to be very fast and reliable. With the latest version, it now takes several seconds before an email opens up and clicking the 'show pictures' is a hit-or-miss, and might several tries to actually download and show all the images embedded within the email. I use HTC Amaze 4G.
4.4 theme is horrible for 320x480. sticking with 4.2. K9=king of email apps.
Xperia AX. Far more options to customize to my needs. Giving 4 stars because it shows null pointer exception in the folder list but still works. Also it would be nice if there is an option to import/export my settings.
Used this for about two years. Tough to improve.
Can't get imap to work. Developer doesn't reply.
very good bugfree solid email client.
Buna aplicatia.
I've been using this for my primary email client for a very long time.
Gazillion times better than the stock Android email. Push notification works wonderfully. Customizable interface is a plus. Would like to request for more themes, if possible. Keep it up!
Not as pretty as the gmail app but serves the purpose of reading emails much better, Mark all read is a godsend.
It doesn't mention this is a problem in setup, but several open tickets point out there's no support for Exchange servers using only NTLM auth.  Well worth trying though - one of the best clients available.
Fast, clean and it just work.  No Apps like K-9 on IOS, Will be great if you have the IOS version.
U dont wat for it to take 20 mins to install it installs very fast
I loved it, but is there any way to see sender name on top, instead subject?
I need to forward mail to group contacts kindly add this one. so i'll give 5 star.
Best email app, can customize it in every way possible and can sorry almost every email provider!!!
My live mail isnt working on this app. -X8
Rather lackluster email client.  Doesn't play with Exchange servers. Doesn't handle Gmail accounts as well as Google's (already awful) app. Really no reason to use K-9.
The app is very slow and keeps force closing with the new upgrade, i have a droid.
Superb
Sweet a$$ look.
Far and away the best email program I have found! I had to use my wife's old Droid X for a while and K9 was the very first app I installed. Thank you, K9 Dog Walkers!
Great app.
Much better.
Good app
Replaced my blackberry and started using it.... never ever missed blackberry again !
In 20 seconds downloaded and  got Mail Droid to connect and work flawlessly using auto detect settings.  Thought I'd try K-9 because it looks cool but won't connect to Yahoo. Come on guys, simple wins the day. If folks can't easily connect they'll move on to something else. Most of us DO use a free email provider.
Definitely better than the stock Android email  client
does this support multiple account, coz i cant find how to set it.
Stopped  working after last two updates. Would poll but not bring in emails. Uninstall and reinstalled to reset however it stops again weeks later. Loved this app before the latest updates. Hopefully this will be resolved soon.
Thank you for being the best!
The latest version is accessing the internet continuously; the battery that used to last more than 12hrs is going flat under 8.
Sadly this app cannot tell what is a spam email and the inbox is a cluttered mess of junk mail and normal mail. Will stick with the standard android mail app.
The quiet time is a brilliant idea but sometimes doesn't work. Can I suggest also to add at this feature which day this feature works? For example during the weekend I don't like to receive any notifications. Does make sense? Thanks
Feels and looks a bit dated but it just works.
Awful. Terrible. Useless. Frustrating. Should be uninstalled and made to go away.
Used to be awesome, but now it kills battery when on 3G (but not on WiFi). Back to stock app till it's fixed.
Great app!
So few of the email apps offer a scrollable widget so you can see new email on main screen. This is a very good app otherwise
It took me a sec to work out all the settings; I actually had to consult the 'owner's manual'. Thanks so much for developing this app. It's gonna make my getting a job mission a lot easier. I'll be sure to get the donate version when I get said job and actually have $.
the latest update crashes all the time when trying to delete more than one email at a time!!
Cannot load gmail accounts since last update.
5 stars if it can be added as full screen Email app widget
I couldn't get it to work with our Exchange server at work. Even after getting our sysadmin involved we still couldn't connect to my work email. By comparison, the default email app had no trouble connecting to our Exchange server. Uninstalled.
This app leaves nothing left to be desired!
Suck on Android 4.3
Excellent
Best email app for android easy to use and fast :D
I love the UI but please make super dense display optional. I want 0 preview lines and no contact photos but don't like super dense. Also, Accuweather email alerts almost always show No Text and connection error so I can't read the alert.
Excellent. Powerful, fast and easy to use. Could have an even better UI, but it's excellent as it is.
For the past few weeks, the new extended notifications have stopped (no option to mark read or delete). Any ideas on how to fix would be appreciated.
Have been using aqua mail for quite some time, but didn't really like the old looking interface, just came across this and it looks awesome. Tq
Highly customisable and a efficient app
After first few minutes with k9, I started disliking it.  No options for font, size, formatting like bold etc.  No option to schedule mail.  No quick text.  Only good thing is it can be use with TASKER.
Worse battery usage ever... even after I turned everything way down, it's still unacceptable battery usage. Betterbatterystats
Awesome app
This email app is simply amazing.  Takes up very little space on internal memory and allows all data (not just attachements like so many) and great options for adjusting notifications and personal preferences.  It's a world apart from the stock apps and head-and-shoulders above other 3rd party apps.
I was experiencing slowness after big update and tried to clear down mails but it kept crashing.  Thankfully developers released a fix and recreating account worked and no more slowness
I couldn't send emails on my Nexus 4 using my Optus account because I couldn't use Port 25...now I can! That's worth 5 stars alone, not to mention all the awesome features you don't get with Google's default email app!
It has become almost unusable on both my Nexus 7 and samsung galaxy s3. I've tried the recreate data fix,  but still same issues.
I get an Ioexception:pushback buffe error. It happens often. I currently have to download my email with my pc. But this is a problem when I am travelling without my pc.
Beware upgrade on a moto razr.  Slooo9ooooow  Can't use arrow to read next mail. It gets stuck in a loop after 3 emails. This update version blows. Had been using for 2+ yrs
My only thought would be that it's a little clunky.
Interfaces nicely with Gmail and APG encryption!
Rock solid and I can trust it...I don't trust the default nexus 7 client and with the new UI this is better in every way. In fact I haven't taken a laptop on my last three short trips as I can do it all with my Nexus 7, k9 and my aluminium bluetooth keyboard/case!
Edit: new v4.4 layout is so terrible and convoluted, downgraded to v4.2.  Was: I don't even bother with gmail or other apps, k9 is that good. Must-have.
I love this app...  4 stars only because it doestnt have Text Reflow, we need to zoomin alot to check emails.
I replaced gmail with this app. Perfect mail client
The recent updates copied a lot of features from Gmail. If I want a UMA that sucks like Gmail, I'll use the original.
Works great for work email addresses on exchange servers.
Best email app for android, period.
Opening an email account and seeing load messages is slooow! Perhaps something in the settings? I was looking to replace the gmail app. Just slow as I said. Could be more intuitive. For instance, send from account is buried in the menu and not a drop down at the top of compose screen. And how about a send button rather than on the menu?  Could use refining overall.
I've been using K9 for around 3 years and was always impressed until the new update. It seems that style has won over performance.  Deleting emails then going back to the main screen results in the deleted emails still being there then disappearing a few seconds later. I download my emails to my PC, the phone only ever has a handful on it. Struggling to update a local UI list of 5-10 emails is pathetic.
Ever since latest release, I constantly get "not responding" error messages. I am on droid bionic with jellybean.
initial dl I was not able to send, respond, or fwd mail. as of 2 updates ago no problem. the slowness is related to signal strength of your 3/4G connection or weak wifi. THIS APP Works Great. 90% of my company uses it  slow apps clear your caches and data. turn your phone off give it a break and turn it back on. that works on most phones and apps
please fix the messed up saving of draft messages. they get cut off!  (yahoo mail account)
Only way it gets email is by going to folders and hitting refresh.   Never checks for email on its own regardless of settings.     Also sends two emails every time.
Not better than others but cleaner and faster and free. Its amazing and a well done email client.
This is one of the best android 3rd party email client app. Easy to nice ui.
Checks Hotmail, Yahoo & Gmail, one push of the button when I want it to. Does other stuff, but I don't want other stuff.
When are you going to offer a SPAM filter or at least a "junk" tag similar to Outlook, such that K9 can learn what to funnel to the Inbox & what to SPAM!!!
rarely updated from the website
The best e-mail app. I use it more than 2 yrs ago. Excellent
Would like the archive button back though.
New upate make the app smoother and real good looking. Best email client
Message list is an unreadable mess. Used to love this app. No more.
Since update my checkboxes don't work. I can select all or none, but can't choose just the ones I need. Please fix!	Great app, but much more reliable than the stock email on my Captivate. Consistently downloads my Comcast AND Yahoo mail on 3G or WiFi.
404 Error when configuring Exchange yet the stock app works fine. This seems common. Would have been three stars for the POP3 except the wiki links dont work so no help to be had. Seems like this app has had its day when the stock apps are better. Shame.
Very reliable with any off your mail accounts!
simplify your life in managing mail
After update incomming server fails and says incorrect username or password and I know their correct. Switch to generic email app. :(
I know my password is correct set up multiple times and I still get an error
Ever since I downloaded the latest update there is major lag downloading new emails. I also suspect it is why my phone is experiencing faster battery drain that in past. When checking for new emails, icon spins and spins and spins for what seems like 20-30 seconds (even when I don't have any new emails). When you do have new emails it takes as long or longer to display. I have had two emails this morning show up...then disappear from the app with a blank "No subject"   I wish I could go back to the previous version. I am on Samsung Galaxy S3
Works great on my android ICS 4.2
Works extremely well no issues with nexus 10, would like a similar viewing style to outlook but still top app
was using K-9 Mail for over a year as native sammy app is pretty much useless for idle imap and buggy. K-9 Mail  is quite decent app. so much better considering its free and arguably better or not are so overpriced. Only issue here I never had battery lasting with K-9 Mail on board. Now I found another app and it made me realised this is not the best option for me anymore...
But email filter still missing...
I have used this app for over a year. It worked excellent, until I updated two weeks ago. Want automatically sync. When opening mail nothing is there or it takes forever. Updates took an excellent app and turned it into junk.
This is the best mail app I have used ever.
I was looking to replace the stock HTC email app with something richer that can handle a sig file with more than one line. K9 fits the bill.   Easy to use and visually appealing. I can't imagine going back to that awful and ugly stock HTC app.
The last update made K-9 worse. Earlier I needed just one tap to reply an email in landscape mode. Now I need THREE!!! There are also other minor deprovements. Where is obviuos navigation up/down? What is right arrow? Next mail or previous? And why?
Can have to more then 2 account
I was looking for an open source alternative for my mail client needs. K9 fits perfectly for my needs. This is a feature rich, rock solid mail client. Love you K9 :)
I am unable to update my login password. This app is excellent..
Doesn't work with hotmail
Very nice app.
Even with the super-dense message list display it still looks ugly - tries to fit both subject and from into one line leaving empty space due to account colour/checkbox. Where's the good old compact view?
Much better than the stock mail app for IMAP accounts. I have several work and personal account and can mange with same app. My work has special SSL and stock mail client would not connect. This app is also faster than stock app too.
Fantastic mail client. Nice integration of multiple accounts and a pretty but clean interface. I have one minor change I'd love to see. When selecting indicator colors for my accounts, it would be nice to be able to change the brightness (value) as well as the hue. Many of those max-value colors are unbearable. In any case, kudos to the K9 devs for this client!
Please fix the new updated version for constant crashes when trying to delete multiple messages (whether at a time or not!). Otherwise, great app!
New UI when new email comes in and I goto the dropdown curtain. In old UI you clicked on the new email and it opened the inbox for that account. New UI actually opens the new email. This is bad when half the time its spam and you just want it to open the inbox so you can delete the email without opening it.   Google mail does this too and its why I so preferred K9
4.409 is the first version I'm happy with. Especially the design the easy account setup and the full view of the incoming mail. I use mail droid also but I think that I'll stick with this one.  Good work.
Excellent.
Love this app, but I like home screen widgets. Not having one is a deal breaker. Have tried others widgets that are supposed to work with this app and none work reliably. Create your own and I'll be back.
Uninstalled
This was always a must-have app, but the latest update was money.  Slick.
Love it so far.... But when trying to send a link from web page K9 doesn't come up as an option. That's a deal breaker me. Please advise. 5 star if this is possible
Have used K-9 for quite a while now and have been mostly very happy. There was not an option before to move mail our of the trash back to the inbox and the new release still lacks this as well. This boggles me entirely. This most basic function is really needed! The new update also has a strange behavior with notifications. When I am notified off a single new email, tapping the notification opens the email directly instead of taking me to the inbox. This is a real problem! Emails sent to dev already.
Update: 8/10/13 -  Dropped rating one more star. New version 4.4.09 now crashes regularly when multi-select deletes are attempted in "Unified Folder". The app crashes probably 60% of the time when I do a multi select then hit "delete".  Prev. Issues still there:  1) Basic feature on BB since day 1 to delete email local/server/both not available in K9. You're forced to pick one option in settings (Delete On Server or Delete on Handheld or Mark All as Read on server). This needs to be set by account, or on an email by email basis.  2) It also still can't handle meeting invites through email.
Installed because this always got top reviews. But, I found out that it doesn't work with exchange 2010. That makes it worthless to me. If you need to connect to your corporate email, go somewhere else.
While not perfect it has grown on me. Google's stock email client is like all other Google apps - TOTAL JUNK!  This however works and your late update has proven to be a good one. Now your user interface is top notch. Excellent improvements. I love it!
Great email client
After using K9 for 2 years, I was disappointed with the new message select boxes which are microscopic and virtually impossible to use accurately.  (Yes, I'm a guy with large hands!)  The old version used the entire left edge of the message header as a select, and was quick and accurate to use.  Otherwise, I really like K9 and hope they can fix this problem.  (Deducted stars for this one!)
No other good competition so people are satisfied with it. But this application really sucks. Switch back to my HTC sense stock application. Far far better than all this junks
Please enhance other mail account in Future release
Would love a filtering system to be added.
With NSA concerns these days this is an awesome combo with APG.
Routes my business email right to my phone
Excellent mailing app. Had problems in between where it was extremely slow after an update, but the recommended workaround ("recreate data" option) did the trick. Fast and smooth again afterwards.
I've been using this app for a long time - nothing else compares to it! However, I absolutely *hate* how the latest update opens an email message from the notification. I want it to go to the Inbox, not open junk mail!!
This was good before last update. Now is simply excellent.
modern new interface terribly slow, laggy, and sometimes doesn't follow the clicks I make.  Also, complete remake of data doesn't fix slowness.
What have they done to K-9?  It is very slow and they have changed the menus completely for no apparent reason.  I may be looking for a new e-mail app.  Update: I reinstalled K9 and it is working better.  But why make us learn a new menu?
After the 7-2013 update, it has surely slowed down my Droid maxx. Hope it's fixed otherwise good app.
Love this app but this new version is loaded with issues. Crashes all of the time, very slow on opening emails, forced crashes. Please fix!
Love the app! How do I stop the app from re-downloading old messages read that I still have sitting in my mail box that on e I've read them on my phone? I'm using an HTC EVO 4g LTE phone and my Pop account is hotmail.
And no signs of it to support it i the future.
Works well for the most part and does everything you need it to do for email but it force closes frequently.
some time the push mail function wont work
Was 5 stars, downgraded to 3 until removed functionality such as scrolling the refile buttons and reformatting of html is restored.
The new 4.409 version is not quite as good as prior versions due to some changes.  When opening K-9, it no longer goes directly to the account list; instead it goes to the last location.  The lighter color for messages that are not fully downloaded is no longer working.  Are there settings for these things, or did they just get removed?
Unable to get email through network only via wifi.  Cleared cache and data, unloaded program.  Cannot reinstall, keep getting error code 24.
Sorry to say but I've found the new update a step back in terms of usability. Please can we have the option of the old theme as in much preferred the old look.
The new 4 4 update looks awful I'm sorry. The interface is what drew me to k9 in the first place. Now the minute color "dots" for accounts, and fonts used look awful. It crashes, it pauses, im really fucked off with it, DO NOT UPGRADE
The app is fine, but I don't see why an e-mail app requires permission to read and write the device's call log.
Contrary to the devs app description, I have performance issues and I tried the Recreate Data option. No difference.
K9 email app helped me connect with my email accounts and boosted my productivity.
The best mail client I'd ever used till the moment !.
New update is mega slow to download messages and practically unusable.  Can I uninstall the update?
For some reason my phone updated to the latest release without my permission. The font size doesn't work well with this version. The size of the font varies from email to email. Seems like it used to always be the same size. If I pick a size of normal the text on some emails is too small. But if I pick larger it's too large on other emails. I can pinch to zoom in but then I have to scroll left and right to read the email. None of these problems with the last version I had.
Good app and I really enjoyed useing it but it freezes alot. I manually check my email and it would constantly show the sync symbol in status bar after checking mail most the time.
The previous version loaded the list of emails slow. The latest version does everything slow. Loading email,  selecting email,  deleting email,  etc.  Everything. Takes at least 2-3 seconds for the application to react to touching the screen. Recreating the account doesn't help. How do I roll back to the previous version?
When phone muted, new message vibrates even though vibration is turned off in options. I want to turn vibe off
I switched to k-9 mail because the default android gmail app  did not allow me to leave the messages on the server when they are downloaded on my phone.  On previous k-9 versions, when I set my server type to Pop3, everything was fin. Since the new versions came out, I can't find the option to leave the messages on the server. I like to archive all my e-mails in one place (on my desktop), so this is very annoying. I will be looking for another e-mail app if this feature is not restored. Currently on K-9 4.4 when the messages are downloaded on my phone they disappear on the server.
Love the new interface. Easy to manage multiple accounts. Wish my desktop work email client (MS Outlook) was as friendly.
Best android mail app ... period
Best and keeps on improving!
Have charter email. Used stock email client. Automatically set everything up. K-9 does not. If you make a mistake, you have to uninstall and reinstall to get to those settings. I know they are there somewhere, but it's 2013,and I am not willing to spend that much time on one program. If it is that hard to set up, it probably isn't really worth it!
New version greatly improved!
Would love to have the archive/spam/delete buttons back, not hidden in a menu. Other than that, enjoying the new look a lot.
Since switching to Android the thing I missed most about my Blackberry was the unified inbox. Checking 5 accounts in two apps is just awful!   K9 mail has made this problem go away! Now if I could only get my texts tied in, I'd be set since the default text stoop sucks on Droid too.
This is the BEST mail app I've used to date on Android hands down. Only thing it needs is an "empty trash on exit" option per account. I just noticed my trash folder had like 5000 messages left in it. Took a while for my Galaxy S3 to wipe em out.
Awesome App
This is the client you need if you want to do real email on an Android device. Period! And after the latest update I wish there were six stars!
2 things needed: 1) Pinch zoom 2) A non-hideous icon
Bad
Replaced Sony email app since it would not sync Sent or Trash folders with IMAP. All sent email was stored on phone and could nor be moved to server. K9 worked as advertised and I am grateful.
Landscape reply button missing. Lame and totally inconvenient. Some ppl prefer typing replies in landscape only. This update defeats that and creates annoyance of landscape to portrait to reply and back to landscape to type. Software engineering 101 kindergarten. Why would they do this?  Defies logic!
Very nice app. Support for gmail on server search would be great.
If your looking for one email client to access several webmail accounts (pop3, imap, exchange, etc) than this is it!  Latest upgrade pushes it to a 4.5! May improve the quiet time feature so stops sync during selected times, which would make it awesome! (If I'm correct in understanding how the feature works)   Keep up the great work.
I got K-9 because the default mail client was broken from day one. The default client changed the content and / or to: addresses when replying to an email.   K-9 initially was great with my IMAP server.  I made the misteak of letting it update, and I don't need, but can live with all the UI features it added.  But I can't live with how the new version messes up my IMAP account, with messages showing up on the phone, but absent from my PC mail clients.  Today, it created a mail message with no content and no headers, leaving me to wonder if there had been a message on the server that got deleted by K-9.  Time to downgrade or find another client.
Running FroYo Desire (single core). Functionality is superb. Needs to play nicer, be more responsive/interruptible when busy.  Pretty good this update.
Since it was updated to 4.4, there is a long wait for emails to open. I see that it says to recreate data under account name, but I do not see such an option. Fix this bug or I'll find another provider.
I used to really like K9 but now I don't since the latest update. The new blobs that indicate whether a message has been read or not just waste screen space. When there's a new message notification for one message, it takes you to that message, not the unread message list like it used to. The unread message list says 'inbox' at the top. It isn't my inbox. The unread message list auto updates after any action so you can't do 'mark as read' and then delete (or mark as unread if you make a mistake. Annoying!
I've always been a big fan of this email program but after last update I've been getting a lot of force closes. Galaxy Note 2. These force closes are starting to occur more frequently.
itd be cool if you could manage multiply email accounts like the gmail app
The latest update is just amazing. The rewalp of the look and the newly organized buttons, check mail by pulling down the screen...  This app just beats the sh*t out of the other competitors out there!  Thanks K9-devteam for the BEST email client out there!
Installed on both a Google Nexus 7 and a Samsung Galaxy SII.  Added first Account.... no problem!  But impossible to add another Account....  why not?  The "Add Account" button was there during initial Account installation, then disappeared!  Cannot find it anywhere.  ...John
It's by far the best mail client around but since last update outgoing mail doesn't get sent anymore. Please fix it.
Since the new update, my messages won't load more than half the time.  Even force closing doesn't resolve the issue.  Perhaps rebooting my phone would help but it's ridiculous to restart my phone every time I want my email to load.  I've used this app for years and have been very pleased until now. With the app nearly unusable, I am forced to search for a replacement.
Muy util para la empresa, lo uso mucho  para el trabajo y conectarme al servidor de mi empresa.
Latest update makes it almost impossible to "tick" the select item checkbox - far too small and I just end up opening the mail. A real pain. Bring back the old large size select ticks or lose me to a mail client with a more useable UI - sorry but the new select boxes just aren't selectable. Other than that, still excellent but this really hampers the useability.
using it for two years..  now with the new interface and search feature it became the best..  I would most certainly support if devs add a donation app or something like this..    RETURNING AFTER ONE MONTH..  WAY TOO GOOD..
It seems like there's no updates, that when changes are made you have to uninstall and reinstall. Takes awhile to load messages and move/delete them... Ends up making the messages marked as spam as blank messages in inbox, does not fix when polling. Also no longer has move to folder or mark as spam shortcut that can be added at bottom of messages.
Running fine before latest update, now crashing frequently. App hangs up regularly and crashed my OS (first time ANY app has done that to my s3) Not happy!
I've used this program for many months,  and I Love it! Great layout and decent new widget. Thanks.
I've been using this for years now, since my first Android device running 1.6.  The app took a HUGE leap forward recently. It looks better, runs better, and has added functionality that puts it on top of the heap for email apps.  Give it a go! I doubt you'll be disappointed.
This option still stores my mailbox in device memory not on the SD card.
Used to be great,  now can't find accounts,  just difficult to use.  Pity used to be good...
Updated july 31 2013: Messages handled like built in app. They dont move to subfolders. Deleted messages reappear.  Frustrating.  It used to work well.    I prefer over aquamail.  I use mobile invoicing and aquamail doesn't work much at all. K9 much better.  One hiccup is if I accidentally delete a message, I can't get it right back because I get sync errors with my IMAP server.  My IMAP server is simple from desknow.com.
Several things I don't like, but two main ones. One, the notifications of new mail bring me right to the newest message, not the inbox, which causes me to open mail I may wish not to open. Two, the box  to select is way small and hard to press, so instead it just opens the message. I have to battle that a while. Not good, sorry. :(
great email client, but after last update its open first unread message when I click notification bar message. please-please-please don`t open it just open message folder or let me to configure this behavior !!!
email
Great mail app
With new updates the program is beyond fantastic it has all the bells and whistles of a regular email program. Thank you for having a great product. It has increased my ability for being a more productive real estate agent. The ability to check email almost instantaneously helped me to pull many more leads out of the barrel of fish. Thanks again,  RE/MAX Agent Minneapolis St Paul
I currently have Gmail and the default email client on android 4.2 running.   I thought I'd try k9... I can not get it to run on  any of my email accounts - even my Gmail account.
Must say that I wasnt using it till now because it used to look basic. But now i dont see any reason to use yahoo app. Great release from K9.
Supporting multiple accounts, quick and easy to setup, a great replacement for stock mail app, very impressive
What happened to the text size popup in the new version? It was one of the best features. Was a five star before it lost that.
Stupid update cant send emails. Neva fix something that works great.
So simple, you can change the led light colour which is simply cool, you can set times where it goes into silent mode, lots of cool features, most importantly, it doesnt do that anoying thing when u clear the inbox then get another 100 emails that have been read. You just get new ones, now ive tryed every app going even the built in one doesnt do this :-D fantastic and no adds, thanks so much x
Great app. However my school email requires a new password every 90 days. I could not just log out and log back in. I had to uninstall the app. Please fix.
My K9 client updated automatically when I purchased my new phone and installed my apps. It now takes 30s to load an individual email, without pics. It's not the phone it's the app. I am forced to search for a replacement to K9, what a shame.
1 gripe - in old version when you have more than 1 email checked in multi select mode,  long press menu had open option,  but now is missing
Loads up emails quickly and is much more convenient than any other email app I've tried. Great for replacing your default apps.
Was working and now refuses to allow me to reply to or send any email AND WILL NOT NOTIFY even tho it is set to do so. REALLY frustrating..................................... please fix.
New user interface really really sucks. It used to be fine and they broke it.
This was the best until the latest update. Now I have to kill the program in order to read the mail! I hope they fix it. I have the transformer infinity.
I liked Aquamail's interface more - up until the recent update. Good job, devs! Only issue I experience occasionally is the app will hang when refreshing my folders. Force closing the app, then restarting it resolves it.
Its maddening when options such as forwarding don't just move, but disapear.  Took quite some time to figure out you need to hold down on the email to get options.  Of course trying icons "archived" the emails I was trying to forward.
Within the last few updates, the developers removed 'Sync Messages From' under Fetching Mail, defeating the ability to prevent re-downloading of old emails.  We used to be able to define how far back by date K9 would sync from the server...looking for an alternative client at this point...
Even with the few bugs still left in the update, this is still the best email client hands down.
Overall, it's a very good email client. The best I've seen on android. But really any setting beyond the most basic must be changed for each account individually. I ask for an option where you can select what settings to apply to all selected accounts. Currently, I find a setting I want to change, then end up changing it 8 more times for my other accounts. If this could be changed, it would be 5 stars. As it is, changing the settings for all the accounts individually is too much of a pain.
I am a really heavy email user with multiple accounts. I have tried all of the email apps. This one is the very best
I love this app especially the ability to mark all as read. I also love the redesign. It is going to take some getting used to but the changes are very intuitive.
A great app that enables me to have all me email in one place.
The best android email client. Love the new look.
Please add email colouring  option similar to Microsoft outlook.  When new email arrives it should have subject text in blue as this version has some isses with identifying new emails.
Good software works great
Sooooo much faster than the stock Samsung email app. My email accounts update almost instantly. Deleting emails is quick also. Only problem is I can't get my work email to work with it and my work uses Exchange. My IT dept can't get it work either. So I use K-9 just for my personal emails.
New UI is fantastic
The "old" K-9 mail was great, and reliable.  The "new" one however has a lot of bugs, the most irritating being the one where you view a message and get a blank page.   I like the new interface..it's more like GMail and yet it has adopted some of the more irritating features of the "new" GMail (like the icons).  I hope that they fix the "blank message" bug soon because it is really getting on my nerves.
Last update destroyed the user friendly nature of app. Currently a piece of junk and will be removing ASAP!!!!!!
Love the app but its usefulness just recently got reduced by the removal of the "refile" buttons. Need this back for gmail accounts pleeeease! 7/2013
Does anybody know why the number recognition does not work with this app?
Appu raja    Gfg  Ffg
This is very nice app. Searched and tested various app on google play, this is too much. Very nice look and feel.   thanks again.  Appreciated
First off it's opensource which is always a plus in my book.  Second, unlike the native Android app which often loses its place when trying to load older messages.  Third, it has a simple message by message view that doesn't spontaneously refuse to display messages from people in threaded view based on conversations you are having with someone as has happened to me several times on the gmail app.  Finally, the unified mailbox lets me get all updates from all my email accounts as if it were a single account.
Uninstalled and reinstalled app. Works great! Back to being the best email app around.  New setup is very nice. Only suggestion is for the emails to not start out so small.
Great app i love the way it is set up.  My only problem is since last update it seems slower.  Takes longer to check my mail.
this goes far beyond the stock email app... far beyond. and now the widget finally works with the unified inbox, what a treat!
Performed the latest update and can no longer read my email.  Can see the first two sentences on the first preview screen where it shows the entire list of messages but when I open any email the message is now blank.  I have been through all the system settings and cant seem to find a fix.
This is hands down the best email app out there. I've been using it heavily for a couple years now. They keep improving it with every update, so it just keeps getting better.   Highly recommended!   Keep up the great work devs!
..Perform.!  Syncs  Fast ..Quick render..Easy on the eyes, and great GUI. . A low battery draw. Use for all my Accounts.. Plays nice with Google Maps Integration.  Recommend .
It bests them all, by a mile.
I have been using this app for a couple years and it is by far the best email client going.  Business users will love it.  How ever,  It recently update to 4.04 and it does not work well with slider phones.  after receiving a message before, I would open the slider to expose my keyboard, click the function button and choose reply or reply all.  Now with the new version there is no option to reply with the keyboard open.  Also the send button does the same thing with the keyboard open.  For a week I had thought I was sending messages but they were going into the draft folder.  I have written into the support group, but since this is open software, no one is biting on my issue to offer help.   I am forced to go to another app that will allow the free use of my full qwerty keyboard.
Nicely done! As of the last update, my Nexus finally has the mail program I've always wanted.
Fix it please.  This is not an upgrade  U went from a 5 to a 1
I rooted my phone and was only able to get GMail, but I needed an IMAP client for my '.edu' email and this is the perfect solution! No ads plus a beautiful clean layout makes this my favorite client! Try it out and keep in mind it supports ALL emails not just IMAP server based.
Can't believe I've been using this for years and never rated it. I have only good things to say. App works better than stock. Would never consider switching.
Used to be favorite email app...then the update.  Now it brings my Note2 ti a crawl.  Have to force close all the time.
There are times when polling never stops.  How do I fix this?
The best email app
Messages are not in conversation mode when sending mail from other devices. I need group all mesage with same subject.
I love the update but the only issue is that the emails aren't deleting from the server
Should tell me when mail was last updated. Should differentiate between number of unread messages and number of new ones.
Was awesome.  New release doesn't show a send button rendering it useless on my samsung sch1500	No send button.....ugh.
SUPER RELYABLE AND QUICK
I can send from 4g.  Same problem on my wife's D4.  I can send from GMAIL on my home WiFi (Comcast).  PLEASE UPDATE! Was fine on previous OS's. I FOUND "MAILDROID"...MUCH BETTER APP!
Top email client that does everything I need. After using K9 for a couple of years I was looking for something with a more modern UI of which there were several but not with all the features. With the last update K9 nows looks the biz and does the job. And all this for free. Thanks to the developers. Great job.
Perfectly happy with previous version.Initially hated upgrade but now used to it & like clean look. Suggested improvements: 1) Phone is SGS2 with 9 email accts. Previously all fitted on 1 screen on Accounts page  but now have to scroll up & down to see them. Changing font sizes for acct name & desc doesn't change text box size so doesn't fix this. 2) "Off-line" button on front page would be useful (make the circular arrows a toggle?) as sometimes phone kicks into polling when I'm trying to do something else. 3) Has battery performance deteriorated? BBS now reporting K9 as main source of drain. 4) Finally, user-selectable icon for the home screen (as per SuperSU) - never a big Dr Who fan & bored with the dog!!
You can see the previews, but when you click on the mail the body is blank--cannot see the message.  Checking the forums, this seems like a longstanding repeating issue with this app.
Google's own POP email client is frankly crap. K9 adds many many features that make it a joy to use while still holding onto the same look and feel of a native Android app. Thank-you!
I have 4 email accounts and K9 helps me organize them perfectly.  K9 is much better than the native app and gmail app. Latest updates are great.
I had objections to how changes were being documented, but things seem to be straightened-out now. K-9 Mail is a good basic e.mail handler, and I hope that its designers will resist calls to change it simply for the sake of change.
Easy to set up. Easy to use. I have bern using k9 mail for over 7 years on 3 different makes and models of phones.
What was once one of my favorite apps is now like something out of Groundhog Day. Deleted mails just won't go away since the recent UI changes. And it seems to take forever to load. I'll hang in for one more update.
Great app, and the new uncrypt support is great. But... Why doesn't it crypt attachment? Having it in plain makes the whole gpg support useless :(. It should be corrected asap, as it's a privacy problem..
Push does not work compared to aquamail. Uninstalled.
I keep getting message delivery failed to addresses that I use quite often
Was a very good basic email client that has now evolved into a very good allround email client. I will be ditching the s4 preinstalled rubbish and the gmail app for sole use of this one as it now does exactly what I need. keep up the great work k9 dev's
It's my new favorite app
I like the multi-select, but it is way too hard to check the box! And I have dainty fingers!   Other than that, great job!
I use frm android froyo to jelly bean :D
This worked well before the recent new upgradeS. Now, when I open email in this app, most recent emails do NOT show up! This happens MOST of the time. Occasionally, it opens my email correctly. You're star site has been downgraded from a 5 to a 3!
The best email app on the Android Market just got even better.
I've tried a bunch of email apps for Android and I can honestly say this is the best.
Dear devs,   Great job with this great app, but there is a minor flaw to me in the new version. If i receive a email, the notification bar displays the name in bad contrast. Also some menus i can open with the menu button are white font on milk-white background when using the black ui.
Cannot get this to work with my exchange account and tried everything. No luck. Looks like a great app but I wouldn't know.
I have been using K9-Mail for a couple of years now and like how the app feels more responsive after the recent updates. Great job!
Thanks
It works....Many option,easy setup and works flawsly with yahoo bizmail..great job.
Simply amazing, easy to configure and simple to use.
Could be better with the ability to add folders. Please add that function and it would be 5 stars. Otherwise great email app.
Latest version has made messages take a ridiculous amount of time to display	This app was brilliant until latest update. If this bug is not fixed I will have to find another email client
Best
no more to say, it just great!
love the new gui !!!
Version 4.4 works brilliantly on my Samsung S3, no complaints at all which would give this 5 stars.... but this version is not compatible with my Asus Transformer TF300T which is why it loses a star.
Looks like s#!t now.  I loved this app. Would have given it a 5. Change it back or give an option to make it look like it did.  The new look is muddled and doesn't seperate messages distinctly.  The color dot is worthless. Make the whole side the color like it was (or at least, as I've said, make it an option). That helped with separation.   Other than my irritation at the new look I guess it's a fine app. I'm not uninstalling it yet.  Yet...
I'm able to empty all my emails in my gmail account! Thanks Guys.. Everything works great!! Nice job... But try to change the app icon, it looks boring
OK, originally had a problem with this upgrade, the SEND function was moved, and there was no documentation showing how to send a msg.  Found out where the new send function is, and now love this new upgrade. Nice work, just poor documentation informing us of these changes.
Good UI, easy to use and it performs as advertised.
Handles all my emails Yahoo, Hotmail, GMail, Live, and many more. Very reliable and has many features. Way better than built in app that comes with phone.
It is now back to its old self. Yay!
Developer helped fix the one issue I had, everything else is great on this app there's nothing I need it doesn't do
At least for me it doesn't
Has all the features I am used to from desktop mail clients, plus even more - IDLE! The icon's red envelope is entirely imperceptible on my device, so I just have to get used to Dr Who's dog somehow meaning 'email'.
New interface rocks
Using this for all of my mail accounts and it works flawless. Very feature rich and stable - highly recommended application!
Stopped updating mail on ASUS tablet Android 4.0.3
Can't remove big blue dots. What's that about?
Thoroughly useful and well written app.
Though it looks nice, and has all the features I'd ever want, it just doesn't seem to play nicely with my Hotmail/outlook account... Doesn't sync read emails, or deleted ones. This apps looks like I could love it, but it just doesn't work properly for me :( have also looked into custom connection with hotmail, but that did not work either.
I've been using this app for years without any problems!! Very well done!!!!
Keeps notifying me that there is a new mail,  but there is none in the inbox..  Keeps notifying you about an old mail that's already checked or goes to a screen that says 'No text found'
Loved the older version. The 4.408 and 4.409 are awful. I am on Verizon and have a Samsung with 4G LTE and need easy access to business emails off my remote server. K-9 Mail was the ideal solution until this upgrade. Hate the interface, unbelievably slow and beyond cumbersome. Please, let me just have the old simple and quick K-9 email back. Pretty Please!
A great app
Much slower loading on Verizon incredible 4g after updates. Fyi.
and now it's more polished and blends well with jellybean environment.
Much faster than my default mail handler, intuitive use, enough options to satisfy without being overwhelming.
Great email app and a perfect replacement to the sluggish stock mail client
This is the best mail app you'll find in the play store. New interface is super slick and intuitive. Love it.
Loads of features and quite reliable.. D new update to d UI just made it 6stars
Tried to download but gets stuck at 59%
Had to revert to 4.201  the new message navigation is just unusable. Left/right arrows on left side of screen are counter initiative and inconvenient on large screen phones.  4.201 gets 5 stars
Was brilliant, but latest version not as user friendly. Simple things like pressing the phone's menu button to bring up a "send to spam" option has now gone. Not a good version upgrade. Shame.
I am now waiting 10 to 20 for my downloaded email list to show.  I'd really like to see a create folders option so that fill email that i've read.  Who puts their mail back in there mailbox after they have read it?...  I'd also like to move something back to my inbox after I've mistakenly deleted it into my trash folder.
Before the last update, I was able to view only my unread messages, mark what I didn't want to keep as read and delete only those unwanted messages. Now if I mark them as read they instantly join my other read mail, so I now have to go through all my read mail to delete the unwanted messages. Checking my email was much easier because of this app, but now, I may as well use the stock app.  Please change it back or at least give the option to choose which method is preferred, thanks.
The way mobile email ought to be. Excellent, thank you.
Played around with settings, but cannot get decent views with new UI. Can no longer see senders name, had to change font to tiny size but still not enough room. All font sizes have been messed up display looks awful. Have startedk tweaking font sizes in settings, but everything is gine before, why should 1 upgrade cause so much damage?
Suppper great application. I can handle my accounts email with just 1 aplication
If you would only add a simple feature. And that is, the option to be able to move messages from your inbox to a folder of choice. So the inbox doesnt have to always be cluttered. Then i will give 5 stars . Thanks
The latest update is awesome. Faster than any yet!
I've tried several email applications but there is no one like K9-Mail, works great, I've been using it for a while and is just wonderful.
Tapping the new mail notification actually opens the message b4 knowing who its even from instead of taking you to your Inbox like it did pre-update. Very poorly thought out change that is bad bad bad! whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?
Thanks. Excellent client.
I'd like see the app running from the SD card and the the messages and attachments and app running from there to save memory.
Changed to 5 stars (would go to 6) after latest upgrade...awesome work, love the new UI.  I have yet to try this on my Tab 10.1, but on my GS3 it's quite good.  Kudos!
Now supports threaded displays for mail (only new mail, not old mail before the upgrade). The options are extensive for determining what email notifications you want, size of fonts, colors, behaviors, etc.  Solid client.
I have some older Android equipment.  This latest version runs very fast. It is a pleasure to have the quick response.  I have used gmail & native email for Android. I find K-9 Mail to be much quicker and now with the interface changes it looks better.  I like the new interface customization.  It is great for folks like me who have to use reading glasses for all the other tiny text in other programs.  Excellent App!
This email client was already fantastic two years ago and keeps getting better with each update. It does almost everything, almost flawlessly. Thanks and go on!
Wish I could go back.   Message listing is now cluttered with the android icon.   Its a nuisance.  And the up down arrows are now left and right.    Not intuitive.
Been using K9 for years. One of the best email apps out there. If they would support the newest versions of exchange it would be THE email app.
I'm running 4.404. Previously this program has never crashed on my phones.  Regrettably since last update it crashes constantly.  This generally occurs when I am deleting multiple messages.
Was clean and fast. Update improved on that and brought a fresh interface. Great job
This newest version sacrifices speed and features for...a better look, maybe? I don't know. It's much slower at displaying email, and the number of options available on one touch has been reduced. Sure, I can still move email around, but it's multi-click- why do I want that on a phone? Beats me. Someone on the dev team though "good looks" should beat out "works great". I'll be shopping for another email program. This is the first time I've 1-starred an app I previously loved.
The new UI fixed so many of the annoying bugs I had before. I've used k9 for about a year now and I loved it and worked around the bugs...now thoae bugs are gone and it is so much faster. I LOVE it!
I like PUSH mail the most! I'm able to receive mail instantly!
I'm running 4.2.2 on a verizon galaxy nexus phone and after the last K9 update K9 was dog slow reading emails... like 20s reaction time.  The advice about RECREATE DATA worked for me like a charm.  K9 is great once again!  From the list of your email messages press the back/up (180 degree turn symbol) and the next menu up should have your account name. That's the one to press to get the menu with RECREATE DATA.  As is warned, the local copy of your mail will be gone and hopefully redownloaded.  Worked for me at least.  And K9 response is now quicker then before the update.
Best email handling software I've used. New UI improves look while retaining the simple and efficient function.
The latest update made this the mainstream email program to use.  Finally!
It's a cool app
Perfect App
Thanks to the 7-21-2013 update, I can no longer tell at a glance whether I have new K-9 email or Gmail since K-9's new notification bar icon is a Gmail icon clone.  Go back to grey-on-black and ditch the black-on-grey like Gmail.  Searching for a "choose icon" setting toggle right now...
Very slow on Droid Razr Maxx
...and this is a very good email client, especially with the latest interface update (this writing as of 7/22/2013).  Usability has soared through the roof.    Only 4 stars because I'd like it to anticipate my Exchange email book better but I'll work around that.
very nice all new features. However I have a tremendous delay on opening my emails and crashes very often.  pls fix (Motorola Droid XT910)
Love the new mark read feature
k9 mail is a solid reliable email app.
I've be using this app for non Gmail for years!  It is hands down the best email client out for android. The recent UI changes make this application look even more amazing, very clean look.
Nuff said
loving the newer updated version :-)
It's always a worry when a good app gets a big update - it's often a step backwards.  Not the case here. Fantastic app - should replace the native app in future Android versions.
Omg, is there any way I can roll back to the previous version? Have used and loved this program for years but the latest version is unusable. Each message takes far too long to load, and the program crashes frequently. Why have you compromised the program so much?
Perfect app for managing multiple email accounts! Loads of features and very stable.
Overall I like K9 email, way better than the stock Android email client. Latest version took 2+ hours to upgrade the message store and then reading messages took 30 seconds to display each new message!  Deleting the message store and recreating it fixed this issue and new version is definitely improved - has a search feature at last, IMAP deletions seem more reliable.  Some settings don't seem to work: turning off the unread message count, turning on the search count, and turning off the multi-select box all don't take effect. Keep working on improvements please !
What a nice peace of Software. Great job guys. Keep on developing.
good
Well done k9 crew. Been using the app for the past 2 years and have enjoyed each new release. This latest one absolutely nails the app as being the best out there. I'm hoping I can ADD new folders now....?? Thanks
Love it, very functional, and prettier than ever.
This is an app that is going somewhere. It's incredibly reliable and it's never failed me. Please if you have multiple emails use this app.
Nice job on the new UI.
Been using from ages. After the ui update i shifted all my email acc's to it. I loved this app before but now m a slave to it :-P.  And because it's free and also add free.. it got God Like title from me. Keep it up Devs! U guys r *Elite*
Best .
I love this app so much. It has been quite the blessing. I just hope that they bring back the long press permanent delete since I rarely go online to check my email and I hate that it builds up. Ty
This is great application. Works fine and it is reliable.  I've been using it for ages. Highly Recommended
I have been a long time user and proponent of K9 Mail. The newest version was a great surprise. What was already stable, easy to use, and fully featured now has a modern look to compliment the latest gmail app. If you are looking for a mail app, this is it... Period. However, I use this app as a supplement to gmail. That way I get separate notifications for my gmail and non-gmail accounts.
Since the last update the software is extremely slow. I am looking for a new e-mail client app.
The new look is great.   Wouldn't use any other.  Best mail app on the market.
Really enjoy the new look, but I also really miss the refile buttons that you could have on the message from the old version.  Bring that back,  and it's  a 6 star email app.
Stopped receiving mail on all accounts 3 months ago and nothing i try seems to help :(
This app is great on my aging epic 4g but wheres the transformer tablet love? Cmon now.
On my Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 the font for the app itself is way too tiny and cannot be adjusted. Can you fix? Otherwise,  this is an amazing transformation of my favorite email app. Thank you!
Will not connect to my corporate exchange server when the stock app will. I'm sure bit would be great if it worked.
Best mail app
The new update appears to be OK but not spectacular. I don't like the circles that denote whether an item has been read or not - they just waste screen space, the old vertical strip was much better. Please reinstate the old view for those that want it. Also, when I use the notification to view my unread messages, it claims that I'm viewing the inbox - I'm definitely not. Reloading appears to reload the inbox, not the list of unread items! Good but could try harder.
Latest update solves the trash never being deleted issue slowing the phone down.   Interface is a joy,  folks it's time to update the icon,  only thing left to fix.
Latest updates make K9 my preferred email client. I use it for my work email to separate it from my personal mail in Gmail. The search is finally there and the UI is nicely done, pretty and practical. For a free email I highly recommend it.
Please change the icon on top when receiving an e-mail. It looks to much like the text message icon. Great app other then that.
How can I keep the mails from like two months ago because everyday I check the inbox I see no mails left and I can't fix it from settings! Can anyone help me please? Thanks
If u could resume the filing buttons to show on each message (ie delete/spam/move), that would make the app so much faster/easier to use, esp to ppl that use their k9 for work purposes and are time poor.
This has been an easy email reader to date.  No problem to set up or use.  A couple recent changes are irritating though.  After reading a message it is then only visible in the unified folder, and the notification icon is now exactly the same as the msm icon.
Love the new layout and look.
Usef for over a year.. no  problems.
Best one I know
That way I can turn off the automatic updates...
Best of all 5*
Love the new update and holo look. Still can't live without K9!
Many thanks for this amazing application!
Great email app, love the new interface
Great product
Excellent update. Now looks and works superbly and fits in really well with the look and feel of Jelly Bean. 5 stars.
The redesign brought the style inline with Android 4+. Best mail app on the market, love it!
Seriously?  The latest update is just crap.  Never has so little been billed as so much.  Did someone actually think this was an improvement?  Not.  Update - more and more updates, and clearly ignoring the feedback of others.  It just keeps getting less user friendly with every "update".  Developer's reply, "you can download the old versions"  Seriously?
I have been using this email client for 2 years and never found beter one even though I keep looking. This mail client should be android's default. The new Gui is also great!
Great notif icon
Love it thanks!
Been using this app for years, always rock solid and the new UI is great.
Nice ui update. Finally it's smooth
Absolutely the best free email app available. I have been using it for several years and it just keeps getting better! Good work K-9 team!
Simply a great email app. Especially since the upgrade!
Great
I have been using K-9 forever! Today, my phone automatically updated and the email response for opening messages is horribly slow!  I followed the developer's instruction to recreate the data and K-9 is back! It's working. Great response and great timing!
I upgraded to the newest version, but now it crashes whenever I try to open the app. Please fix this asap.
Excellent work. Nice design and great usability for free! Must have.
If you are used to a pop3 email app like outlook, this app is amazing!
I have been using this app for a long time. I have tried others but immediately switch back to this one.
New interface is ok, but the new update  takes 15 to 20 seconds to load and display a simple email.  Upate:  choosing 'recreate data' for the account speed things up.
Have been using this for a while now, and the new interface is awesome. Thanks for the update!
Excellent upgrade
To cool for school
Good developer with quick response to problem and bugs
Just need search on server and you're golden.
Thank you for the update.  New display option with 0 preview lines and no contact picture is MUCH better for users with a higher volume of email...  less scrolling.  Fantastic!
Last update made it appear somewhat faster,  but the message overview is horrible. Possible to get summary on first line and sender on second line? Even with tiniest font option, it still only shows a few characters.
Great aplication...android developers could have a course and learn how to program a real mail app.
So I like the standard android client, my problem with it is you can't flick between which account to send an email from in a message that's already started (so if you for example choose to share a picture via email form the gallery) ...   K9 does this. Great.Took a fair bit of setting up to make sure it was working with all the folders, which by default it doesn't seem to check for mail ... but that's no biggie).  Only problem is that it won't let me push my emails from my yahoo account, which is a real sh
This app is usefull and very easy to use !! Lov'it !!
The new update is awful.   What was an elegantly simple interface now looks like a clowns paintbox.  Please give us an option to get the simple view back.
Excellent job. I used the old version but this update and reading a bad review made me felt obligated to give you guys a review. No need to rate 1stars over an update with out giving the developer a chance to fix it, why be so selfcentered and close minded, like you people are so perfect. Thank you k9
Long time user. Love the new interface, and serious performance increases on massive integrated inboxes.
Trust me it's a all time excellent app
The update breaks previous functionality. Quick archive and spam buttons are missing, and it seems to have a sort bug where the left/right arrows no longer follow folder sort order. I am reverting to previous version.
Try deleating an email then try to move it back. It won't work!! Not even an option to do it!
The New mail notification takes me to my unread email messages, like before. But, when I change them to 'read', they immediately disappear from the screen, which was not the case previous to the large overhaul, which forces me back to the inbox to find the ones and delete them. Is this fixable from the settings menu?
I loved this app before the update. Since the update I am now getting spam notifications that aren't even in my email. I don't want to delete the app if there is a fix for this. Help please!!
love the new interface, simple, clean, easy to use.
Been using this for a couple years works awesome, love the new interface.
:)
Amazing update!!! Only way to do gpg at the moment (with APG). K9 team rules! Can't wait for full gpg support. Oh ya, and all FOSS.
I love the features of this app (on Samsung S 3) and it just gets better with every update.
Much better than the native mail app. Simple features such as color coding, multiple mail selection and grouping different e mails together...makes it an awesome app.
Love the looks! Love the split screen! Love the search and sort facility! Love the preview lines and love the configurability! Love that the email auto-fits to the screen! Keep up the good work!
I had issues with incredibly slow reponse time after the July 2013 updates.  I contacted the developer (rather than write a bad review) and he gave me steps to fix my K9 client within less than 24 hours.  I've been using this client successfully on multiple android platforms for years.
Since the v4.4 update this is the most user friendly mail program out there!   Samsung Galaxy S3
Looks great. Good work!
Easy to use.
The new user interface fixes all the issues I had with this program, now it behaves exactly as desired, two thumbs up!
The update to 4.4 really brings k9mail into mesh with android 4.2. Cleaner interface, easy search.
Best new update. Fixed my lack of being able to mark all as read and looks heaps more appealing
Been using K9 for over a year and have no issue wth the update.  Tie it with Tasker and it operates as close to a Blackberry as you can get with an Android!
Great release. Finally fixed   the zoom issue
Forceclosed 2x while email was loading. Almost unusable. Long loading. Lagtime of body of mail. Glad to see updates but this one needs work. Back to 5 stars when accomplished
This was and still is the best email app for android.  Love it.
With K9 mail, delivery of AOL email is faster but I can not respond to any AOL email so I am switching from AOL to gmail. After trying for 1 1/2 years, I still can not get K9 mail to work correctly with AOL!
Had to edit my review, I first thought the upgrade had wrecked my older version of k9 but its really just the upgrade and migration procedure that took aaagrs. Once its installed its as quick to use as the previous version, looks crisper and exits quicker. For some reason the older version always needed 3 or 4 clicks to get out. Not bad.
HELP!! Since the most recent update my k9 is no longer syncing with my other devices... Please help, k9 had been so good to me till now....
I love this email client but after the update I notice that all emails fonts are really small. I changed on display settings the message font size to larger but everything remains in the same small size. Any idea about how to fix that? I can do zoom but isn't the same. I like the same font size that in the older version.
Very good job with the new interface, it's nice and practical.
Great app. Great new look.
This was an awesome email client until the latest update. Why destroy something that was great??
I've always liked the flexibility of this app but the lack of performance and stability were a real barrier to using it regularly. The new version 4.4 seems to have sorted those issues out.
The best one
Best email client
K-9 is the *only* IMAP client that worked on a mobile device for me since the embedded one in Nokia 9000i Communicator. Does all I need while adding nothing I don't, an usability benchmark all software should be stacked up against.
My only wish is for more Galaxy Note friendly features. I really enjoyed sending personally signed emails. I realize this is a luxury feature for stylus lovers. Every other feature blows the stock email app out of the water. Very customizable and easy to use. Looking forward to future updates!
No good, I couldn't add any accounts. Said all had wrong passwords. Can't use this.
I updated and tried to use. Terrible and slow. Hung up phone and tablet.  Had to uninstall and use backup of old to be able to keep using what once was a great email.  If does not change soon then maybe change or just keep using old version as is so good.
Brilliant app. Love the new thread based interface. Has never let me down.
Love the new look. Well done.
The App works as described and is stable. I have been using it for 6 months.
Thanks K-9, this update has produced a nicer user friendly interface. Very good email app. But, where has word wrap gone when we pinch zoom a message. Now we have scroll across the page to read the lines. Not everyone has 20-20 vision. This will be sorely missed. Thanks. Colin
Nothing beats this. Get it now And with the new update, interface looks amazing! It's perfect! Thanks for providing Android users this amazing email app.
Can you return buttons for new ,sending,reply, to the bottom of the screen?i would give 5 stars if it's same like old version
The new version is great! Love the improved notifications.
so awesome!  love the IMAP folders features
Great app and the updates are actually practical and useful.
When deleting emails off this app, they still are on the server when I check them on the website.  Other words they dont delete, just only on the app.
Good
This application is hands down the best email application I have found for Android. It's the only email client that could handle the IMAP headers for 25k+ emails without crashing. It's very easy to use and everything needed is immediately available with minimal searching.
For those having issues and wanting to go back to the previous version, simply go into settings on your phone and select apps...find the k9 app and select uninstall latest updates
I am using a droid razor maxx with android 4.2. This program used to get 5 stars and now i have to give it 1 star because it doesn't work. The app keeps crashing, is slow at tasks that it completes, and constantly freezes. Until you bring back the good old k9 my review will remain at one star.
With the updates, this e-mail program is perfect. Please don't change anything! I love it.
I love being able to see all my email accounts in one place!!
Starting to get more errors when sending emails, though exactly the same email will work fine with Gmail. This is a shame because up until now k9 has been pretty good. Still the ugliest app icon out there.
I love this app. It does what I need and makes keeping up with my email easier. The latest update is fantastic. Looks beautiful and works.
Current version doesn't have undelete option frim trash folder.  Long press, select message/menu doesn't have it, refile direct do it.   If this can be done somehow let me know.   Every email client needs this!
This is a really useful app, the only that really use those ports, that I set.
Great sync app.....better than gmail for llower end phones....otherwise Gmail. Rocks ......
K-9 has always been an excellent email client. The new release of v.4.4 has been a masterful WIN for the Android platform. Thank you!
Droid4...better than all the rest.
Works great on Xoom and RAZR Max
:-)
Can No Longer print or share. Use a Brother printer.  Very disappointed
The newest release force closes every couple minutes when reading messages.
I liked this app before, but the new update makes it much better. I use this for multiple mail accounts and works exceptionally well. Many features, very stable AND open source. Great work devs!
Very happy with new ui & features overall. Please consider adding delete button to notification.
Hasn't worked since last update. Doesn't check mail anymore.
Fantastic app!
Noooooooo!!!  Phone automatically updated and is awful!   Slow unresponsive and I hate the set up now.  Wish I could uninstall this update!  Will be looking for another email client :(  my husband's did not update. ..yet... lucky guy :(
Its the best option I found for getting my work email which is not on a Microsoft exchange  email server.
I used to love this on my desire, but it's now unusable on my note 2. Freezes all the time.
4.4 Update is Awesome
I love the app but after the most recent update I can't read the whole name of the sender, it is shortened by '...' which isn't great. Also you should bring back better color customization, like in the old version. I want pink and pastels!
Still have issues with opening some pdf attachments and with sending messages at times.
Last update is causing all kinds of problems.
You were my nr1 email client. Then somebody did strange stuff in the coffee of ur UX crew. New layout = not better. Plz undo or re-improve.
Aplikasi yg memuaskan
I want to roll back the latest update. Interface now is a serious mess.
Love the latest update
Use Go Launcher Ex to choose your own icon!
Hallelujah, an email app that works, does everything I need it to and is regularly updated and improved! Fantastic, thanks and keep up the good work :-D
All my requests were added in the new version. Good work, guys!
Already excellent, after the latest update it's converging with gmail app UI, even better.  Great job, authors!
Melhor cliente para email do android.
Nice new interface but it would be nice if the split screen functionality was included.  Please catch up ...
I don't want have to scroll three screen-widths left to right to read every line of my email... and that's with tiny text that you think is "normal"!
The update to the interface is well thought out. Excellent job.
Update just downloaded.  Screen type face is way to small for those of us who have vision issues.  Can't make it bigger.  Color scheme cannot be changed either.  Unfortunately this app no longer works for me.
Been using K9mail since the early days, nothing but rock solid.   The new update is WOW, smooth and sexy. Great work.   5/5
much better than the built in email app
Nice job on the update..
Nice
K9 mail has REALLY stepped its game up.  I used to only use it for gpg mails, but since the reengineer, I use it full time now.
Works like yuo would expect.
New interface is great, speed improvements are noticed, keep the K-9 icon it is not ugly just a not to retro TV for those too young to know!
The new upgrade is very clean and easy to use. It appears to be very professional and intuitive. I find that it updates and refreshes quicker without errors. By far this is one of the best email applications available.
The best email app
Works very well with my msn account when others wouldn't.
Does what I need.
The combination of the icon and the waste-of-space dot indicator leaves little room for title and content in list views. A UX design error! Can we have the colour bar back? At least make it an option.
I rely on it
update with new interface looks and works great!
Best email client out there. Love the improved interface. Also love the dog icon. Never change it!
However, my favorite feature is gone. When I zoom a message to make the text larger it no longer re-flows the text to fit the screen so now I have to pan while trying to read. Please put this back!
It checks my email and it sends emails too.
Better than Gmail !
I was used to the 16-bit look and feel until I got the upgrade. Wow! Great work! How do I donate?
This is really Cool apps...  I was searching for my mail and got this apps...  Thank you so much for creating really nice apps.
I get almost instantly notified!
Links open in the app rather than the browser and only work half the time. And I hate the new look - any way to go back to the last version? Also, display settings are broken and don't make any changes. This used to be my favorite app; now I'm considering uninstalling.
Love features like setting polling period, quiet period, msg limits, folder classes for sync priority. Much more powerful than the alternatives.
Seems like longer. Great update, tho!
Update is amazing this is a wonderful program now its even better! Love K-9
Old version was great although GUI was very old fashioned, now GUI is great but so much has been messed up in the software, looking for an alternative.
New interface is a big improvement!
The stock email app connects to my exchange server but not K-9...  I get the IOException error when setting up the account
Best email client app so far.
Perfect email client
Beautiful and clean-looking new interface. Nice update.
And with the new update, it just got better!
Awesome
This WAS the best mail app out there...but the recent update destroyed what had been the best mail app UI ever.  I had recommended it to many, and no one's been disappointed, but I think they would be now. Making the app better through the update is great, but they wrecked a great UI.  I can no longer recommend this app until they loss this new, lousy UI.
Reliable and easy to use
Emails look great. Thanks for your continued efforts.
Best email app out there!
Excellent app, all working perfect
Great app, slight improvement required. Plenty of options to choose from.
Fast, customizable, effecient - a great example of a free, open source Android app
The latest update has addressed much of the issues with lagginess and instability. I found too that running forever gone to speed up the read write speed of the phone helped greatly too
Thank you for this update
Really love the new interface. Unfortunately I have issues adding my work email adressses.
So much better than the native app on my Moto!
Best app
I do not like UI of new version. If I wanted Gmail look and style, I would have installed Gmail. Simplicity of the older UI was the main strength that the newer version killed. Back to stock gmail.
Terrific email client, can't be beaten
So far so good love the new design
Great app considering it's free. I won't use anything else. Great interface and enough settings to customise what you need
Clean and easy to use interface, stable and reliable; best email client for Android
Works flawlessly for push and pull with multiple providers at the same time.
This now looks awesome on a tablet. I was missing this update. Keep up the good work!
The new, modern interface is fantastic. The software has features many other clients are lacking - most importantly bottom posting. Fast, reliable and highly customisable.
New version is very nice and functional! I think that from now I use k9 instead Gmail app that does not allow you to disable conversation view...  The only thing to correct imho is a more fast access to folder list, a shortcut on the bottom bar could be enough for now, in future a slide menu bar would be the best. Good work!
I love it
Do NOT replace the icon. Some of us recognise a good dog when we see one.
My favourite since 3yrs
Hands down, the best mail client and one of the best apps on android. I get a lot of mail & split it over multiple email accounts for different purposes to keep it manageable. Using K9 to access them makes it as easy as if they were one account. I can use them at a time, or all together in the unified inbox. I can read & reply to messages while offline & they send when I'm connected again. Perfect for commuting on the train where I often don't have signal.
Even better than before with the new UI. Now looks fresh and up to date with the others. Job well done.
I loved k9 when I started but it got slow over a period of time. But the new release fixes all issues... speed, ease of multiple selection, email download and responsiveness.  AWESOME.
New update brings interface to the modern age even though the underlying engine was already great if a bit quirky
ok!
This app by far has everything that I want and need to control in an email client. Now with the latest update, it has the looks. Updated UI which makes it more easy with useful buttons, rather than diving in the menu - absolutely wonderful. Awesome job.
I have multiple accounts and this is the only app that can properly handle it...and its free!!!
New update is totally awesome. Well done developers
all what I want in a email client
Great app.......!
Been using K9 for years, the new updates make it look as good as it works
Nice & lightweight. Used to use this when I was running ubuntu.
I've been using K-9 for quite some time, accepting the interface as something only us techies could appreciate. The update appeals to my "everyday user" sense of aesthetics. Nice job! Motorola Droid 4
The last update (July 8) has taken K-9 from something I use with pleasure to almost entirely unusable for me. But, reinstall and reconfigure from scratch has It back to its awesome self. Luckily I don't maintain a ton of accounts.
Clear, informative layout makes it easy to manage multiple e-mail accounts and e-mails. Definitely give it a try, you won't regret it.
Besr email app for Android
Best email client out there
better than builtin email
Best mail app
Best android email client around...
Great app, highly configurable, multiple email addresses... What's not to love??
About the only android app I've used since 2.1. Keep up the good work. +1 for a nicer app icon.
The new interface is eye pleasing and responsive. Only downfall now is that I can't move messages out of the trash if I accidentally deleted them. Please fix.
The new update is awesome but there is a big problem with button placement. The refresh button is on the middle bottom on the accounts screen, but the delete button is in the same place when you're reading an email. Several times already I have accidentally deleted a message when I was trying to refresh because I was on the wrong screen. And there's no way to undelete a message either.
Everything email needs to be
Okay, I had to come back and update my rating. You guys are doing a great job. Love the new look. It's more efficient and this is definitely the justice that K9 deserved. Just waiting for you to change the tired old icon! Lol
There is no push email options .. which makes me get the notification a bit late
Runs perfectly fine on recent flagship devices, haven't run 4.4+ on non-4.2.2 but it works here on the bleeding edge. Thanks for updating it, it wasn't updated for quite a while at one point.
Well done guys!  For me it has been perfect! ;-)
I've been using K9 since 2009...it has always been a reliable and well featured app.
A great email client
Nested conversations : A+
...from 1 to 4. Almost 5. Like a whole new app and whole new phone since your 7/18 update. Thank you!
This is my default mail client
Nothing but great things to say about K9. Great work!
Loved it, still hate it. It STILL loads old messages in and marks them as unread. This is such a simple thing to sort out... Do you want me to show you how to do it? Also, new interface is boring. Bring the colours back! Much better when it highlighted the email your chosen colour per account, rather than just a rubbish coloured dot. Loads of bugs, can't delete mail anyone because it crashes. HTC Desire, HTC One XL and Galaxy Ace
A solid improvement to an already useful tool.
Love the way you updated,I loved it before but now really enjoy. Just make an eye pleasing icon :)
Impressed
Best free mail client
I have been using K-9 for several years now and it has always worked well for me.  The only thing I've disliked was the old-fashioned UI.  That has all changed for the better!  I'm loving the new interface and features and I'm so glad I stuck with it.  Well done, K-9 devs!
I have images in email as attachments. Unable to open them even after saving it. Please fix it..!
Seems to be much improved now! Great app!
Works well. Never had any issues. Great app
Does the job well
Best Android mail client available.
I've used the stock email app, gmail, enhanced email, this one puts them all to shame. Not to mention the K-9 icon goes perfectly with my Doctor Who theme :) Good work on this one, guys.
Been using this for over 2 years. Love the new update! Looks great!
The best email app just got even better. And it's free. And ad-free. What's not to like? Thanks guys!
New interface is so much better!
The new update is so amazing! You can tell they've put a lot of thought and effort into it! Genius! Thank you!!
Easy to use. No bugs so far. Who can ask for more? Love the updated format.
Nothing works since the rewrite. it won't send, it won't batch delete...  Useless.
Love this email app!
This app was really good for a couple of days but now it crashes when I'm trying to respond to a message for some reason. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it does the same thing. It keeps force closing when I'm trying to compose a message. Not a happy customer at all
S3 now. After updates in 2013 check box is too hard to hit, instead it opens message :-\     Desire bravo cm237. Missing CONVERSATIONS (thread view) from stock email very much needed! Having 4 diffrrent email providers and every one of them works with k9 very good. I like 'ugly' logo
good apps!
New design is slower, offers no new functionality, but comes with some OS crashing bugs. Boo!
Great replacement for Gmail apps!!!
We used to be able to open a message and mark it as spam. Why did you take that button away?  I'm now looking for another app to do that.
Why does my downloaded version look different from the app store pictures?   This is a standard email app which while has more background features lacks a lot of easy one click buttons. For example, in the Gmail and Yahoo email apps I can click on these one click functions without having to go into another menu: compose, delete, mark read/unread, reply, reply all, forward etc. It would be nice if they had these buttons handy for faster use.
After updating to newest version with new ui, emails and lists load verrryyy slowly and the app crashes frequently
Hi The new update UI is great. But I am facing a lot of connection errors for my Yahoo account. Gmail works perfectly well.  In case of Yahoo only some messages are fully downloaded. For others it always says Connection Error. This was nit the case before current updaye in past weeks. Pl help.
Perfect way to read and send email from your mobile via your private mail set-up.
This 4.4 UI redesign is truly awesome! Better thread handling, straightforward way of selecting messages, etc. Thanks a lot!
Very nice interface. But couldn't get Hotmail to work with k9
Looking forward to new design. Works great for my IMAP accounts.
Working but could be better
My EAS permissions require a "domain".  K-9 won't let me enter that in.  The field isn't available so I can't sync my exchange mail.
3 stars before.  new update takes readability and ease of use to the next level.
Simply Perfect. Kudos Maestro.!
Its very usefull app on my galaxy s duos..
New ui design not available mega 6.3
From form to functionality this is the best imap mail app available. It never crashes or fails to sync.
UPDATE 15.07.13  Excellent! Absolutely no missed emails with timely background updates, even with my battery saver app managing mobile data.  My original review below:  Wow. Finally getting my emails almost as quickly as I did on my blackberry. Much better than the stock email app.  Will update later.
For the most part, I really liked K-9 until a few weeks ago.  I've been using it every day for over a year and its my main email program - until now.  While the new UI is cool, it's far from intuitive.  I mean - how do I reply to a mail and send it?  OH, the arrow.  How silly of me.  :-/  Why get away from using the Menu button like everyone else?  The really bad news (at least on my Thunderbolt) is that its slooooww, locks up very frequently causing me to have to exit to desktop and reopen.  In some cases when deleting several emails, it locks and then writes a new screen without clearing the old one.  Won't give it a low star count because I have confidence in the development team.  I'm a developer, and stuff DOES happen.
Great interface to keep on top of 3 email accounts.   Reluctantly had to turn off the push notifications which I loved as it was sucking the life out of my battery and making the phone so hot I could fry an egg on the back.  Now working fine with polling every 30 minutes. Would be good to have some warning about possible side effects of Push with this app as it took me hours of research to diagnose the problem, only to find out I'm not the only one.
I've used K-9 mail for years. I love the redesign! I have multiple IMAP accounts, and it handles all of them with ease. One feature that would be very nice is the ability to simply swipe left or right to read the next or previous email message. This would be much faster/easier than finding the buttons on the bottom to accomplish the same thing!
Its an amazing and powerfully email client, the.best out there at the moment. And the new modern design its a great path to what we were asking all this time...keep it up.
Excellent
And it's free - a full screen widget would make it even better...
Great and really efficient
Always loved all the options and flexibility. Started having major problems around the time the new update rolled out even though I hadn't downloaded it yet. I downloaded the most recent update in hopes it would fix things but no such luck. It is taking way too long for mailbox and individual emails to load. Often the whole thing just crashes while I'm waiting. When I return to work in a month I won't have time to deal with these issues. If problems still exist I will have to find another option.
Had a notification of mail not being sent and when I turned on my international and went back couldn't get back to the messages. But it auto resent ok it is perfect then
Even though there are some useful additions, the old version was much better: - a LOT faster - more mails visible (small screen - even after settings tweeking) - more reliable checking for new mails - settings less chaotic - whole ui much more user friendly  - news I like:  - sleep hours - easier selection of multiple emails  Old version would get 4.5 stars...
App is good but why you're not rolling out 4.400 in India ? Still you're providing 4.200 build which is older almost a year.....
Wow.....
I'm not seeing the 4.4 update on my device which is weird.
THE BEST BEST EVER, Ispent 3 days plating with lots of mail programs and it seems to be the best then I would say 2nd Aqua. Good job, THANKS
Best app for email.
Liking the new update!
It's very handy... I have many accounts and sync them at the same time. I think the UI should be refined again.. The font is too big in my device.  Overall, it's still the best...
I don't comment much but needed to on this update. Amazing work guys. loving the new layout.
Still stuck in awful android 2.3 world. Where's the update? Been over a week already.
I like the new interface.  Nothing wrong there.  Been a user of K9 since I got my Motorola Droid phone & loved it.   But - the new update resulted in updates that were slow.  Seemed to slow my whole phone down to the point where performance is unacceptable.  I use some Zedge tones for my ringtones and they stopped working correctly.  While I can't point to why and prove that K9 had anything to do with it, they work again after my uninstall & reboot.  Sorry guys - just can't recommend.
Hi,  I have a very simple request, please allow "Mark for Deletion" and "Unmark" ... also, show the message with a strikethrough if it is marked for deletion -- regardless of where that marked for deletion was made.  Thank you. AndrewM
I have had K9 mail for years and i like it, but i cannot download this update. I get an error message saying "This application already exists."  I know it exists; i am trying to update. Wish i could! HTC EVO 4G LTE, stock, on Sprint.
I have used this app for several years. It has always been a very good app BUT now with the new interface it is a GREAT APP. It is one of the must have apps.
Thank you for this great app. It has all the features that an advanced email user needs. The refresh interval can be every 1 minute (if you need to be notified as fast as email comes to your inbox). The app can be so much customized that every user will be satisfied. Thanx guys
I'm using it for 1 year!
Nice update!
I was reluctant to move my email domain from Google Apps to a standard IMAP server mainly due the fact that I'd lose all the nice features of the stock GMail app on Android. After giving K9 a try I'm happy to say that K9 is not only an alternative to the stock GMail Android email app, I prefer it.  With K9, I now have true "push email" with all the features you'd expect from a cloud hosted solution (GMail) such as server side searching, and folder management.  In short, if you'll be impressed.
Fetches mail from wrong accounts. No way to SEND mail! No Working SEND button or command. Somewhat confused interface and icons.
this is even worse than previous versions battery problems. has gone from 4-5% on battery usage chart to a consistent 43-46% and is draining what had been a stable 20-25 hr charge in 13 hrs. will give it another wk (and maybe another maintenance update) but am damm glad I have a lic for EnhancedEmailPro that I can switch over to.
The newest patch made my life easier!  You can mark email as read from the notification window!!!
Update: works fine after reinstall so back to 5 stars
Due the icon, deleted app went to Aquamail
I love this program. The new look is awesome. Keep up the good work!
More responsive and cleaner with v4.4. Emptying trash is faster but still no progress indicator. Also don't like how it jumps to the first unread email. Option to disable? You only know it's doing something when app's slow. An auto-empty time limit might be good. Interface is a lot better than the stock ones I've used on HTC and Nexus. Easier to navigate between accounts, read and organise mail. Night mode is definitely a plus!
Guys great work on the update. Always liked this app its functionality for IMAP accounts cannot be rivaled by any other app, but it always looked a bit clunky. New interface is fresh and worked brilliantly.   Have seen a little slow down in app performance since update but its a compromise I am happy to make for the new look and I am sure you will soon have it running super slick again.  Keep up the good work, thanks.
New look and feel is great
Great app! Make sure you uninstall and reinstall the latest version. Otherwise it runs really slowly.
The only thing I do not like about this app Is that you can not permanently remove the signature. The signature is automatic every single time And must be removed manually. This is one thing that I do not like about this app
Perfectly flawless, and flawlessly perfect. Everything that it needs to be. *high five*
Have more useful in one display. Easy to use.
Latest update has given program very slow response times gets stuck when scrolling.  Prefer the old version.
This is by far the "top dog" and far superior to any other email client. Keep up the good work. Thanks
I uninstalled it after the last upgrade as it was unusuably slow using IMAP. Then I missed it so reinstalled making sure to select POP3. It is working great now!  Only one feature I miss - fetch POP3 mail but leave unread on server - is this possible?
Works great on my tablet (running ICS) and my personal phone (running JB 4.2.2), but on my work phone (a Galaxy Nexus running 4.2.2), it randomly makes the radio stop working. The phone stops passing all data including text messages and voice calls. I've had to uninstall the app to be able to use my phone. The 4.4 updates haven't helped.
It's alright, but it needs a setting so I can choose the back-up location.
Fetches headers but when I open email its empty. Notifications does not route to the app. Not usable in this version.
I have been using this for two years now. It operates my four IMAP accounts without any issues. I love the extensive options for customisation. The new interface works flawlessly for me.
Slick UI and best of all, open source
Painfully slow since the most recent upgrade. I may have to uninstall and use the default mail app.
Love the new interface, but it is missing a key component that was in previous versions. The ability to long-press a message and choose select is a much needed feature on phones. Because of the intrusion of most phone cases, it makes it very difficult to hit the check box on the edge of the screen. Not a problem at all on tablets. Maybe i missed the option to turn that feature on?  Thanks for a great app!
K-9 is awesome in many ways, but perhaps the best point *was* it's no nonsense compact UI layout, which gives you as many messages as it can fit, in either portrait or landscape orientation.  The latest update has totally wrecked that!  Guys, do yourselves a favour, if you value the great UI, don't upgrade!!
The best email app.
Has every feature I need from an IMAP client and the recent UI changes now make this 5 stars for me. Awesome app, thanks!
I was on the verge of removing this app after updating to 4.403, but saw 4.405 had performance improvements. This seems to have alleviated the worst of the performance problems. I still don't think it performs as well as previous versions, but it is not too bad. Some of the functions have moved, and to unintuitive and unlabelled icons, which will take a bit of getting used to. In general though, this is a well thought out and implemented mail client.
Love the much needed redesign!  Almost replaced app because of appearance but now it's perfect yet again. Best android email client.
This app was a lifesaver after moving from a blackberry several years ago,  as android was a wasteland as fast as usable email apps went.  I was spoiled by BBs mail app.  I'm not a fan of the new look; if I wanted a gmail-like interface,  I'd use gmail.  At least I was able to find the setting to shut off the abomination of conversation view.  I'm going to give the new version a try for a few more days before deciding whether to keep it, to install an old version, or to start looking for a replacement.
Have been using K9 mail for years. Unfortunately after latest update my email account databases were automatically updated. Now the application force closes and Im unable to access any of my multiple email accounts. Disappointing that the upgrade process has meant Ive lost access to all my emails and that It seems I cant even fallback to an old version as database was upgraded. It seems like I will be forced to move to another email client :-(
I like the new interface. K9 now works on my Nexus 7 where it used to crash during account setup. Keep up the good work.
No better mail app out there. Upgrade to 4.4 made it very slow but unistall and reinstall worked fine (I have loys of imap accounts and large mail database). If you have a lot of folders this app has a great feature of configuring the spam and archive buttons so they can be used to file into specific folders. Only neg so far with 4.4 is that archive and spam are not on bottom bar when reading mail - but compose new mail is!
I hope this app gets developed further to add primary and secondary smtp settings....
And just moved to this version. (Skipped Sept 2012 update because of some bugs I read about). My upgrade from the old version to this went flawlessly. The only bug I'd encountered before was I'd occasionally get some failures when I tried to "send as" (using my non-primary email account). Hoping those are resolved with this update. Everything else I've tried so far works well and it's tons faster for me. Very happy with this update. Wonder if others with issues need to totally uninstall/wipe (after exporting settings) the program and cache/data and then just install this new version cleanly (maybe the most recent update prior to this is causing bugs -- and that's why I'm not seeing them?).
Ever since the update,  it takes minutes to even let me see my email. Longer if I try to interact with it.  And it won't delete properly. Useless app now.
Love the new design guys. Great work and keep it up!
Loved after new update.
Love it! Love the new look and feel of the mail now.
I love this app. For pop mail it is the only one to use.
I tried other apps to connect my work emails to my Android phone.   There were so many restrictions.   But this app found my server and connected me and my other coworkers fast and easy.    Thank you for this app.
It was awesome until yesterday's update. Now it's very slow, and no longer deletes messages from the server. If I can't go back to the older version I'll have to find another app.
Great!
Lacks delete all
Having been a K-9 user for years now I've always rated it above any of the other Android mail clients. This new version raises the bar even higher with great new functionality and a fresh UI.  One of my favourite new features is the integration of K-9 with my contacts; pulling profile pictures into the inbox.
Improved UI, still seems stable.
Great improvements in last update. I can finely view my entire email messages without scrolling around. Thank you, keep up the great updates!
Looks great. Lots of features. Much better than stock app.
No problems   .Really like the new look. I use multiple accounts multiple protocols
Very usefull, simple to use. + has many options.  Keep up the good work!
Besides the nicely refreshed interface an annoying quirk was fixed: when you return from another app, your last open message stays open. Thanks for the great work!
Still the best mail app out there
I love the new UI, thanks for the Nice update!
Loved the app before, but new update is great, good new features. Really recommend
Easy fast And reliable
Lik the changes that come with the latest update, UI, Theme, Search and scroll to refresh. I would really be happy if the signature poton of the application can support pasting graphics so u can use my logo on the signature. Besides that, excellent work guys 
Back to 5 stars. Older versions are available from the developers website if you prefer the old style layout. Much better then any other email program free or paid.
I loved this before the last update and now it's even better.
Finally, fit to screen.  I love everything about this app (except the icon, sorry).
I have been having so many problems since the new update. When opening the app, it freezes; it takes way too long to open an email after waiting a minute or so from viewing a black screen; the app has timed out at times (yes i've reported it). It is so frustrating and I rely on getting my work email thru this app as preferred by our IT for Android phones since we use Macs internally. I want the old version back. Which old version do I have to select to roll back? I cannot access me emails now...frustrating
Since the update on 7/8 this thing crashes most of the time I open it or try to use it.  And telling people to download a previous version is a sub par answer to fix a faulty update of this app.
The latest update has made this so much easier to use, thank you for your efforts. I highly recommend this app.
How do I prevent messages from grouping in conversation or threaded form?  I have unselected the option, but I still see multiple related messages grouped together.
Great apps. Thanks a lot.
Thanks so much for making this. I use the encryption and signature function daily. Couldn't have that without this app.
Awsome app
The latest update resolved a lot  of issues I wad having with Galaxy S2 running Jelly Bean. New buttons added on the screen and a nicer look overall.
Been using program for Years and have loved it! BUT the new update has made a hater out of me! Can't read mail and the program hangs up all the time... If you cannot fix VERY SOON I will stop using!
It's a good app & when it works it works well.  But it hangs frequently, it freezes more than it hangs & boy it ain't half slow at times.  HTC DESIRE S x3 mail accounts.
The best IMAP email client on the market.  Especially after the redesign!
Slow, crashes often, can't open mail. Worst update I've gotten.
Did work fine not so much anymore. New update makes scrolling impossible. I dread using it. Please fix the problem quickly.
While still a bit buggy and sticky with scrolling, the new update totally delivers with a lot of features that were missing, most notably the search function and the ability to pull refresh. i love the new UI as well. I'm sure a couple more updates will make it the solid and wonderful email app it has the potential of being.
Loving everything about the new update! Keep up the good work!
I've used this app for a while now and I really like the new version. The only problem I have is that the notification is not scrollable. It cuts somewhere in the middle on my sgs2 4.1.2. It looks like you should be able to scroll but you can't. Anyway 5 stars - you deserve it. Keep up the good work guys!
Works Great on my s-4 active. However I do not like the new inbox design. It sucks donkey balls. Go back to the old one.
Great improvement!!
Had been working fine till this week.  Yahoo mail will no longer download.  Gmail is fine.   Emailed support....no response.
Last update seems to work well.
Have been using this for years now and although all the functions were there, the GUI was always a bit basic. Looks much better now and slightly easier to use.
Have been using this for years as an alternative to outlook or ms office based email programs.  Very flexible and reliable program.  Thanks for returning the search feature!
Please consider putting the ability to select on the other side of the message. can not multiselect without accidentally opening the message first - otherwise very good app!!
New UI is great. Updates are continuing to come in regularly.
Last update give me better performance. Thanks guys.
Great new look and feel. But, why do I see a white space (or dark space in Dark theme) about the same size as the header while scrolling up in the message view? It wastes almost a third of screen space and leaves very little space for scrolling a message. Please look into it
Hi team, really good effort from you guys. The new UI is very convenient. A suggestion is to introduce the possibility to choose the location to save my attachments. Also sometimes emails get stuck in the outbox, automatic retries fail, I have to delete and send a new one.
Just awesome with the last update.
Excellent application I've found the shortcut I wanted but let's have a decent unread widgets!!
I had been frustrated by the factory-fitted email client on my Sony Xperia Z 10 Tablet as it would go into a spin during mail fetch, even while manually syncing on my Sony Xperia Z tablet.  I decided I had enough.  This morning, I came across K-9 which wins hands down with all the functionality a travelling business geek like me could want at present.  However, I was missing the split screen view shown on the app screenshot shown here.  I then went  and downloaded the latest 4.5 from the Google download site.  The 4.5 is the best mail client I have used to date.  I don't mind making a little contribution for its development..
The new update removed the action buttons when viewing email in landscape mode.  So I you want to reply to an email you have to shift the phone to portrait to hit the reply arrow. And they took away the option to make the action buttons always visible.
It's not the most intuitive app out there, that's for sure, but it does the trick. I'd probably give something else a try, if I could be bothered to set it up again.
I have been using k9 for a few years and loved it but with this new release I am less than satisfied with it. Everything seems more bulky, less customization... I want the old version back....
Its great!
Finally a very much needed update to make this client the best in biz. Two more things you guys need to urgently fix: 1) the icon...jeez..come on! 2) please make available to upload an image in the signature.  Do this and u have my money plus 5 stars.
I like the new design
Why did you remove the "Archive" option from the mail viewer? Otherwise, excellent app.
I do like this app & it's my main email client. But the setup is a joke. Have used this app for 2 years but set up is complete hit or miss. Days & days are spent on forums trying to find the correct setup for my email accounts to work correctly. Dev offers no assistance when contacted. Great app but setup really makes this awful.
Nice UI,  crappy icon. This version much faster and snappier. Needs an easier way to mark emails as spam... You lose a star for that. To get everything to work,  export your settings,  backup your email, uninstall,  then reinstall new version.  Some complaining about features missing,  there are a ton of settings,  Global,  Folder, and Account...  Look in all of them before whining.  Cheers!
Looks awful, still has a GB interface while every other application uses Holo these days. Also, doesn't recognize any of my mail accounts without having me fill in all of the technical things. Not very user friendly!
I use it on my phone and tablet,it works great!
It's not perfect, could do with a bit more on the Holo guidelines, but the best mail app no longer makes me feel like I'm on Gingerbread :P
It is a nice email program.
Nice UI with features that are better than the stock email app. But it's no longer as smooth as before. It's slow and slightly laggy. Room for improvement.
Had this on every phone/tablet I've owned since my fiance told me about it. A Palm Pixi, an Acer 100, a Samsung Galaxy, a Nook HD, 3-4 others. It's worked great on all except the Nook - and I suspect that's a Nook issue. (It receives mail fine, but any mail *I* send arrives blank. Ideas?)
Great app but the push notification is not working please fix it.
Server search, identities, new toolbar, all good.
It's the only mail client I use.
Must have for handling official and personal emails on tab
Best email app out there
Have been using this app since a while and really like it. However ever since the recent update, the scrolling experience has become really poor. Its not smooth scrolling anymore. Has become very sticky and ruins the whole experience. Please fix or tell me where i can get the prev version from?
I live this new look and feel. Devs you made a good email client f*******g great.  Thank you so much
Reply from notifications is a winner.
UI updates are great. Well done.
Have used the app for 3 years now. This past update finally made it perfect. Thank you for the last update! Opening the app after closing returns you to the message you left off at. Updating just requires dragging the screen down and much more! Absolutely perfect. Thanks!
I loved this app before the update but since it updated it has been horribly slow. I've gone back to the stock email app.
Nice update!! So much better
It's still just as powerful, but more polished!  I just wish the interface was more customizable. Example, I wish I could replace the delete button with an archive button.
My favourite mail client just got better, 4.4 is just right
This app was working great and was a fantastic email app until this last update! Now it hangs up constantly and has to be force closed! Please fix it before I just dump it!
I have 3 accounts on my droidx2 and this new version is consuming all of my processing power and killing my battery. I rolled back to 4.2
i kept my personal and work email in separate apps.   K9 was the best be caused  it used a different notification icon.  now its generic.
The previous version was excellent. The new version is even better, with some genuinely useful new features, rather than just change for the sake of change.
The update rocks
How do I quickly star items in the email list view? I've lost MAJOR functionality without this...
Please return 'manage the back button'. The new behavior is awful enough to look at using another application.
What happened to the spam button?    I also notice that when I do the whole set as spam through multiple menu clicks, it drops back to the previous message, even though I have it set to go to the next message.    Plus I can no longer tell whether I have an email or text message from the icon in the status bar.    On the whole I don't see a point to this release except a useless facelift and feature downgrade.
I have used K9 for years and hope to continue to do so for many years.  This new UI update, though, has introduced a most vexing bug : when I am viewing a message body and scroll through it the headers area scrolls out of the way, too (so far so good), but then the area vacated by the scrolled-away headers sits blank (we are talking about nearly half of the available viewing area!) and the remainder of the message scrolls in an irritatingly unusably-sized viewing area. On Samsung Ace IIx. Me or you?
Looks much clearer. Thank you.
Load 25 more doesn't seem to be working anymore but my biggest gripe is the dots and stars which take up way more room than the thin stripes used to,  which particularly hurts on mobile phones with limited space. All in all a cleaner look but definitely some steps backwards
I've been using K-9 Mail since the days of my Nexus One and never strayed... but I'm considering it now.  I can't connect to my work email which uses Exchange 2010 and this can be an issue since I'm mobile and no longer always at my desk.  It doesn't make sense to have two email apps running at the same time either.  I see two options, switch all my accounts to another app that works with Exchange 2010... or stick with K-9 and check my work email periodically by logging in.  I've read that getting Exchange 2010 to work with K-9 is a lot of work and the developers may not do it... what to do?
I really like the new look and feel of the app. Great job guys!
New update is great.  Better than ever.  Thanks.
So much better than the stock email clients.  Love the icon.
Love the new UI,  great work!   One thing--having the compose button on the message view screen doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Could it be replaced with a button for Refile?
Love the latest version
Doesn't work with exchange 2003/2007! :(
Pretty good update. Thank you. Looks like a lot of effort went into this update. I am finding my way around still but so far unable to find how to one click archive from within email. Best I can find is 3 clicks. Yikes. Other problem is the email list is always 3 lines tall even if you disable contact pictures and preview. A bit of wasted space. Also contact pictures are not  scaled proportionality which makes my wife look fat and she doesn't like k9 anymore!
Excellent email client, now with the new GUI even better. You guys did a really good job, thank you for the best mobile email app I have ever used.
With new update my HTC incredible force closes not.  New update has caused problems not fixed any.
I am using this with an account that is very quirky. K-9 hooked right up. Hats off to the programmer!
brilliant app keep the good work up guys
The interface may still be rather Android 2.0 but this app is great, customizable, reliable, and offers the closest thing to a full featured desktop mail client I have seen on a mobile device. Now I really can leave my laptop at home.
And going by the comments. The devs really do care. So take heart before posting negativity and email them with any problems before flaming.
As the title suggests, the artificial threading that's been added with the new update is crap... and there's no obvious way to turn it off!  Why is is crap? Because it complicates navigation within a folder needlessly: when reading a message, the next/previous icons ("<" ">") only move within that thread, while the previous up and down icons took me to the next or previous new message in my inbox, without having to navigate back out of the thread first! Again, the threads are entirely artificial... which is also annoying!
I'm slightly hesitant to give a higher rating because the app has had issues. Guess we'll all see.
After the recent disappointing update to the Gmail client I decided to try K-9 Mail for accessing my Gmail account. Wow, talk about a nice well thought out app! Tons of great features and I love the pinch and zoom feature. Setup could not be any easier either. Best Email client out there. The new 4.4 UI is awesome and makes K9 better yet!
Improved look and feel in last version. Whichever email client I try keep coming back to K9.
Get rid of the email program that comes with the phone and get this instead
Love the new look
The best email app I ever used.
Awesome work! Love the theme.
Like the new update a lot. However it is a bit slow to open the app now. 2-3 seconds delay from touching the icon.
Fast, full-featured, slim, and, with the redesign, very visually pleasing as well. Definitely recommended.
Unlike the stock version for this phone, this app actually syncs with the server!
K-9's latest update makes a great program even better. I've been using K-9 since I got my first Android phone to check company email - it's always been flawless, but the new design adds a menu button and other improvements. Open source rocks.
Love the new interface
absolutely love the new 4.4 update!  better, intuitive UI, and speedier all around.
The best out there. Just that it could support latest office 365 through exchange.
OK i saw the sharing now.. but that is the tradicional reply all menu... not so good design choice to have a menu associated with it..
Thanks for all your hard work : )
why a generic icon...bring back the dog!!
Good stuff.
Galaxy s4 works well allows easy seperation of my work and home email
I'm happy using new version of this app! With new version we've got (at last!) search on mail. But Russian letters are found only if letter case is considered. Would you be so kind provide case-insensitive search? And found words backlighting, too.
Update to version 4.4 is great.  I'm using K-9 since years. It's getting better and better. Thanks to all developers!
This is the only email app I've been satisfied with and the new update looks great. Keep up the good work.
How can we edit our signatures on a permenant basis, and why where they lost?  Why is there no option to change notification action between opening the email list, or opening the message?  Otherwise, a good email app I have used and recommended for years...
Unified inbox is awesome. Love that it's got the dark theme. Icon is kinda stupid, I think it's a Dr who reference or something but thankfully I'm running a 3rd party launcher that allows for changing icons. Anyways, great mail app.
LOVE THIS APP!  I never have any problems with it using my Galaxy 3 and asus tablet.
I can open deleted mail now. Sweet.  I have been using this program for a few years now.
Why does no Android email client have filter rules, or respect spam.flags? *sigh* Email is in the dark ages on Android and sadly this app is no exception.
It takes forever to open an email! I want the old version back!
Good email app and kt works fluently.
The new Holo theme is great, K9 looked really out of place until now. The new notifications are great too. Only (minor) gripes is loss of compact view and no way (that I can see) to hide the "Load more messages" even if there's none to load. Edit: lost a star to randomly removing(?) emails from the inbox after being read, then somehow randomly regurgitating them back
Amazing. Just keeps getting better!
Only one email account
I have to send email by hitting menu and then send. Send button should be embedded on compose screen
used it as my main mail app for several years. The last update brings a funnier interface but seems to lose key functionalities for me,  select among new messages to delete several at once, no way to go to individual accounts from unified box, impossible to leave the conversation display mode eg. I hope this will be soon corrected, or I am afraid I need to swap app.
The lack of support for exchange 2010 is a showstopper for me unfortunately.
I update it but it's the same yet. Nothing has changed here...
i love this app, currently having a problem accessing one of my accounts but i don't think it's because of the app...
Love this app! Better than Aquamail hands down. Well thought out and easy to setup and use. Keep up the good work!
Love that it is always improving. This past release was a great facelift and I find it much more straight forward.
Tried all email clients both paid and free and this is the most intuitive, efficient and flexible package out there!
Works great
I love this app!  This is the second phone that I've had it installed on. But one issue that I don't like.. Since the new upgrade, the icon in my notification bar looks almost exactly like the default icon for a text message. The icons really are too close. Please consider changing it back to the dog!
I can not update k9. I reinstalled it and I have the same problem
Why does everyone copy gmail app. I hate the new k9 layout from this week. Give me a rollback
Works without any hiccups.. delete every other email client and install this.. You will love it..
Gotten worse. Not reliable at all
Good program, seems to work with most email services. No undo button,   No printing support, down a star
The last update changed a good to an excellent mail app. Modern user interface, intuitive handling without to much searching -  finally the send button is readily available in the new email screen.  Had considered trying alternatives recently, don't need to anymore!
Since upgrading to the new version the client is consistently hanging. I have to close and restart the client for it to work. I do like the new interface when it works.   BTW it hangs on both my phone and tablet.
small and smart
Nice upgrade ...really good program.
Still doesn't support Exchange 2010
I've used K-9 for years (right back to when I first got a Galaxy S ONE and I have tried most of the others.  This IS the best for POP3, multiple accounts, by far.  HOWEVER I really HATE going straight into an email directly from the Notification.  I want to look at the header and decide whether to delete it, read it or look at it later.  It always used to work like that .... what's this new idea to just open it.  Just take me to the list of emails as you always used to !!!
Previously perfect app has now broken features. Most important: Zooming in message view does not any more rewrap text to fit display dynamically. Rewrapping works only when changing font size in settings, which is tedious way to enlarge font sometimes. How to get rid.of useless bullets in message list view? Multiselect worked previously better as it could be activated from message menu when needed.
Better than the built in specially if you use several mail accounts from different providers.
Excellent!
Changing my rating. Cleared the cache and it's OK now.  Previous comment: Unusable after the overhaul. I tap on a message and there's no body, but if I hit 'reply' it quotes the whole message. Moving on to something else until this is fixed.
Message list text over written do it's illegible
Hate the changes to how messages show in this last update. Ruined the program for me.
Very crappy. Doesn't receive emails.
As an existing user, when I first installed the latest version I was quite disappointed with the amount of apparently wasted screen space. I've now edited this review & rating because I've found out how to fix that PLUS some extra features I like a lot.  If you choose to show multi-select checkboxes in the settings, you'll find that not many messages will be shown on the screen because of the way the checkboxes are placed. Instead of showing the checkboxes, you can select as many messages as you like by swiping left to right in the email list. As soon as a message is selected the bottom menu bar changes to display appropriate options such as Mark Unread or Delete. Unselect by swiping right to left.  I like the selection by swiping. I also like the fact they seem to have added a pull down to refresh feature to the mailbox. I miss the previous version's highlighting in the Unified Inbox of the entire mail header with the colour assigned to the particular account the email belongs to, this has been replaced with a little dot to the left of the email header which adds to the screen space problems. Still very pleased with it though.
The old version was awesome. This latest update is really slow on my phone and locks up and seems to drain my battery. I hope they improve it because this was one of the best apps.
...why is the Spam folder's name hard-coded? Hotmail/Outlook calls it Junk (so Spam is not found). And how can I get to my other folders -- again in 'hotmail' -- that don't show? Apologies if I've missed how to do this...
Best email application for my galaxy s3
Love this app! Super accessible for the blind with both talkback and mobile accessibility. Love the redesigned interface. Thanks for making this app so great! Keep up the good work! :D
How to ruin a perfectly good app in one easy lesson
So much easier to check mail.
Great work with the latest updates.
Horrible resource hog, plus things like displaying messages it thinks are threads screws up more often than not. Perfect example of programmerx masterbating.
K9 used to be the best email app out there.  However, with the July 2013 upgrade, that has changed.  The application stopped syncing emails unless I manually forced it to.  Even with a manual sync, the emails that I did get were hours old or it didn't find any emails.  The UI has become cluttered with useless gadgets, balls and colors and even the cool notification icon has changed to a bland envelope.    I really loved this app, but what good is an email app that actually doesn't get emails?  I actually uninstalled it and reverted to the stock droid app.  It's a sad day and hopefully they'll get it right next time.
This is great. I wish I could have it on my Win 8 pc.
Excellent IMAP client
The latest update is fantastic!  I especially like the feature of being able to see all messages in my inbox separately, but then see the whole thread when I drill down into an message.  Great work!
But needs a search function. Edit: now there!
HTC desire hd reacted very badly. Force close.
This update slows my phone down terribly. Constantly stops responding
Why doesn't k9 have a simple search feature to search and filter mails within an account?
I have been using K9 mail ever since I switched to a smartphone which was a few years ago. It has anyways been a wonderful companion. Recently my only objection was its old looking interface but now with its brand new look, I would say it is the best and most useful and most used app I have.
K9 was already great,  but a bit boring.   The new update is awesome and better integrates with 4.2 android.  Love the new features.
I've been using this app for serval years and just love the new look!
The latest upgrade provides the refresh button for the unified box, my biggest improvement wish....yea!  The additional settings options is very nice.
The new update looks nice and finally brings K9 into the modern era where it belongs. I am having a problem with loading emails on my Galaxy S4, though. Emails load slowly and sometimes crash K9. Makes using the app difficult.
One serious omission in the latest version is the lack of a select on individual emails in a folder. With select, deleting multiple emails was a rapid process - after the initial select, further emails could be selected with a single touch. Now it's a boringly slow and tedious process, to have to delete each email individually. Please reinstate select on emails in folders.
I have been a K9 email user for over a year and have loved it up until today. The new redesign updated July 2013 is visually awful and generic looking. I also don't like how they are now a limited number of messages that are viewable on my phone screen because of its new layout and spacing format. I'm going to find another email app and uninstall.
I was cautious to update, because i rely heavily on k9, so i read the feedback. I decided to update and can't confirm k9 becoming bloatware or sluggish. In fact it got faster and easier to use even on my old defy with 700 MHz CPU. It doesn't seem to have lost any of its features I use and the menu navigation has finally acquired some logic I can follow. Summa summarum: the number one email app on the market status defended.
The recent update ruined the good n easy look this app had. Folder settings are probably too complex for the avg user. Settings need to be simplified. I will however keep using it.
I've been using this for a while and it is so much better than the stock Android email. I used to be able to 'select' individual unread emails and delete them.  Now I can only select all.  Please bring back that feature!  I don't want to have to look for another email app.
Excellent email program - very configurable; almost like the old Pegasus Mail for Windows, only more attractive.
After today's update, it looks amazing, however, it is super slow and crashes constantly.  Please fix it soon!
Been using K-9 for ages but this update was just awesome. Love the new look.
So far I have found this app useful and would recommend it for as an IMAP email client app.  Cheers!
It's a good app and the latest update makes it look great and easy to use.
Love the updated interface. Feels like it no longer belongs on a Froyo phone lol
Dead easy and simple to use.
Used this app from day 1. This update was much needed but incredible!
K9 is the best email client out there. It's the most intuitive, most straightforward, and easiest to use. It's simple and very effective. And I love the icon toostreamline it if you must, but don't lose it!
Great for sight impaired -  going to ask about Tts notification
Awesomeeeeee
App worked fine until todays update. Now everything is very slow and crashes all the time. Bring back the previous version, at least that only crashed a couple of times a day not every time I read my email.
Best email app on the market!
I have been using k-9 for more than a year now and it has been single handedly the best email software for android i have ever used. Very tidy and and there were a lot of customisation posibilities such as making the preview of the messages to not show up in order to have more messages visible from the message view...However it has all changed after this update!!! The customisation became very limited... the message view is very ugly and untidy as well as unclear ... the software also keeps crashing!
Like it much
but it stopped updating and I can't figure out how to get this stupid thing to update. Pressing the update email dies nothing; inbox shows only email that is 24hrs old. Uninstall and try something else. Disappointed
Nice UI, plenty of options and settings, including light or dark themes, but VERY laggy on my Galaxy S4, and causes some system lag as well. Has issues handling attachments, takes forever to bring up keyboard to compose a message, then closes keyboard mid word for no reason on occasion. At least it was fetching my mail.
After the upgrade, this software is very slow and always shut down
add proxy configuration..
Best email app I've used VERY responsive devs.. a few hours after reporting a FC bug a update was released that fixed it!
Current version force closes on 'outgoing' part of account setup everytime for me (one other account already setup), OOM. error. I'll try without TLS.
Come on, any chance of getting that back? It's so awesome to have compact view, I don't like the huge bulky views now...Thanks!
The interface look much better. Great job. Thanks!
Great app...highly recommended. use it on my phone and tablet. yahoo, gmail,my own imap server on 993. all great. no complaints. EDIT - new version is even better. every feature i need is here. if i have one, tiny, complaint it's that the new notification icon looks just like my text icon and twicca direct messages. would like the option to revert back to old style
Decent email client but pretty underwhelming compared to other options out there which are paid. You get what you pay for, which is nothing.
I always use this app
Love the improvements that loaded today. Makes it really easy to use. I give it 5 stars.  Happy Canada Day!
Great mail replacement app
Latest update is outstanding!
Love the app. But, the dog icon is dated and looks out of place.
Rock solid, fast fix.
after update it force closes before its even launched properly please fix :(
I have tried several email apps, but this is the best. Very configurable but easy to use. The latest update has a much improved menu, so I give it 5!
Version 4.4 is a great update. It handles and displays emails much better than previous versions. The UI has received a much needed and much improved look. No issues on my nexus 4.
Just got the new update. Congratulations on completely missing the point of why you started this application in the first place. If you are looking for a gmail program that replaces the bloat of the official version with a whole slew of its own bloat, then K9 is your choice.   If you're looking for a fast, powerful alternative to the email client that came with your phone, then keep looking. K9 has apparently abandoned that idea.
I hated the updated Gmail, and I have a new school account, so I needed a new way to get email on my device. The stock android didn't work with my school's email, and this did.
It has always been a best mail client... N with new UI app has became bestest
So much better! I was thinking of dumping it before the update.
Whils I've enjoyed its comprehensive features, I've experienced bugs at the most important moments of its usage. One time I wrote a long email and hit send shortly before pressing the home button. The home button killed the message and no trace of it could be found in drafts or in my outbox/sent items. Other oddities of traceless messages is when you launch K9 via other apps as an email function. No matter whether you save or send, K9 closes (you think you've sent it), but no. Nothing!
great n better than gmail
I am glad to see this app is finally getting a face lift. I like it so far. I do have one problem though. Now every time I open the app, it goes straight to the page I was on last. Can I change that to be the message list page no matter where I left off last time?
not sure why anyone would use this crap.  the default app on my asus tablet at least lets me see all the folders on the pop3 sever.  all i see with this dog of an app is the inbox.  other apps must be real crap if people think this junk is an improvement,
Awesome
I have been a long time user of K-9. It has always been a well-designed and easy to use app. I use this on all the phones my family uses: Samsung Galaxy S3, Motorola Droid 3, LG Optimus Elite, Nexus 7. Thank you Dev team for all your hard work.
Been using k9 for 2 years and always loved it. Not liking the new look and interface.
I have been using K-9 for the last couple years and have liked it just fine.  Two days ago my phone was automatically updated and now I cannot get into my e-mail.  I use it for three different accounts.  My phone searches and finally force closes or freezes up.  I restart my phone and try again but no luck.  I did notice another update yesterday that helped a little.  I am able to get in and delete unwanted e-mail (sometimes) but cannot actually open messages before a force close.
