Great app work's great!
It lets you back up sms and mms; but it can only restore sms. Im waiting for the option to restore mms.
OK weird. As soon as I wrote a good review my backups are all gone all the way back 4 months. Wtf. How can I get those back?
I waslooking for this type of application for a long time...like it, thanks! now we can have our sms's in the cloud and look at any time
Who fu%king cares? It's SMS backup, idiots. That was an extra feature.
So yea it backs up texts to my Gmail.. but why in the world would I want it to show the other person's email address instead of their phone number? And it shows my email address or my phone's email address as the other party and not my number? I needed these texts for a court hearing but this app was useless!
Why was this removed?
Saves time and frustration in a new handset or restoration
not backup in whats app option
excellent
Very useful
I used to love this app because it saved SMS & MMS as well as automatically linking to Gmail, but it has not backed up anything since SEPTEMBER 2014! That's a serious problem, too say the least. It also says there's "nothing to backup" when trying to manually backup items (obviously, there's plenty in the past 10 months).
Keep getting an error today that it cannot back up.... Use handcent messaging?
very nice
The main reason why I was using this was because of the Whatsapp backup support. It had stopped working natively a long time ago but in conjunction with "Crypt-DBConverter for Whatsapp" it was working fine. However, I'm really disappointed that support for Whatsapp has been removed.
Awesome
Really no time to decide if a text is important or not. This program backs up my text effortlessly. Does what it says.
This is a really super app. Really easy, really fast, really helpful. Thanks!
Amazing little thing. A must have on every device, in my opinion.
Works great if you get a new phone but if your phone died, better pray the sync worked properly. I had the "sync" notifications every day but apparnetly nothing was actually synced with my Google account since January. So I lost 6 months if texts because the app lied to me.
Doesn't work
After about 43 messages the backup hangs, definitely not wat I was hoping for - ok on 3rd attempt i found I have my messages - despite getting an error saying that my xoauth was not setup - did make it into google but only 3 mms out of about 600 made it through. No errors, no indication it was all too much. Im talking about a first backop of about 6500 messages including mms
Does its job
When restoring, the app automatically attempts to restore all data, regardless if it has already been successfully restored. For someone with a lot of SMS to transfer from an old phone, this took more than twelve hours. I don't believe it restored all my messages so I need to try again, but can't wait that long every time. It's fantastic for backing up, but if I can execute a more partial restore in the future, I would give it five stars.
Amazing
Flawless.
Love it,  so easy! Xx
After backing up and restoring, almost all of my SMS are gone.  So, well...it didn't work.
I have not tried restoring my sms but I think it will not tag which sim is under which messages if I restore it (upon checking sms folder in my gmail). Never the less it backs up my messages to gmail which can be handy.
Gave it a 3 star bc of the reviews
Love this app! Saved every txt between me and my baby mama so now her lies will catch up to her!
This app use to have 5 stars from me but lately I can't  get it to restore backed up calls or sms messages....please help. It's been saying calculating for over an hour now 
Saves the media too
Backed up and restored everything successfully.
Only suggestion would be  ablilty to narrow back ups to  a single individual or specific date range.  The email categories or groups are not very useful to me when it comes to texts.
Simple easy app. Very quick and lives up to its promises. Thank you
Extremely useful Always dependable excellent solution for Android SMS back ups & restore. Thank you!
MUST HAVE for saving business text messages to gmail... and when transferring to a new phone
This app all of a sudden became very unreliable. good thing I checked. it had not backed up anything for 2 weeks. also never have been able to use the Restore feature all it did was give me blank pages. samsung galaxy s4 and s6.  Also reported doing a backup approximately one week prior to the actual date. This is really gotten bad.
I love this app as this stores all my SMS and call log to Google/Gmail account. 5*s for this
Xoauth error, Google now support 2.0
I've been using this incredible app for a while now and suddenly it gets updated and I found out that WhatsApp is not being backed up anymore!! Fix it please!! That was a great plus your app had, please get it back!!
Sms forever
I did all the process to backup my whatsapp data but didn't get the desired result. Waste of time
The best sms back up app, I wish you could choose certain contacts to back up though
SMS Backup+ works good for sms,call log.
Working well,  thank you
Nevermind. Have no use for this app anymore :(
This is a powerful little app. I truly love it.
How can I connect it to another gmail address other then my own?
Even when selected it did not include phone contacts when trying to transfer to a new phone.
I accidently used backup option instead of restoring in my second attempt ..I forgot the skip part ...now its only showing few SMS even after starred msg.... Please please help ....
It didnt work for me n i lost sms of 5 years.....I'm furious
It often doesn't back up on it's schedule. And when it does, it is usually missing some calls
I like this app why no what's app support i dont know.  Think there should be a password protection option.
They removed whatsapp backup. Hey developer's please fix it and update it for Whatsapp also.
Very very very very very useful app. I know there are many morons ( illetrarate smart phone users) who can not read why their whatsapp feature is not working. But we love the functionality. Please enable it. At least release it as a non Google play app on the web site. Contact me if you like.
Need not to worry about the existence of the mobile.....  FANTASTIC.....
Perfect!
So happy made donation $5..Thank-you.
I am not able to restore messages. Even After choosing as default app, the application is showing only calculating for ages but it's not restoring any messages.
I fear that this app might be on side of some sort of data stealing or may be not too...... I doubt that a lot!!!!!
It didn't do this on my other phone, but immediately after using this my messages will not open unless I restart, but when I try to go to a conversation it is blank and I cannot send anything.
Excellent
Worked great!
Best ever app. but getting error while backup into my gmail accout "XOAuth error. Even though the IMAP settings are enabled in my gmail account. Please lookin and resolve this prob. if this works fine ready to buy the paid version of this app too...
Great tool from backing up SMS, MMS and call logs. Go directly to Gmail.
S6. App will not back up incoming messages any more
Awesome
Not being backing up WhatsApp for months and then new version comes out and fully removes the ability to remove backup for WhatsApp with no reason why removed
Excellent
Please add whatsapp support n i'll give 5 star
Using since 2011
This helps me SO MUCH!! I've been looking  for an app that would save my text messages.  Didn't expect to find one this good. Had to change phones recently, and needed to save my messages. Going from a MOTO X to a Galaxy S5, neither  brand's migrating app would work with the other phone; and AT&T's app needs LOTS of work.  But THIS APP  has saved ALL of my texts AND my call log to my Gmail account effortlessly.  GREAT JOB!! THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!
Great in concept but has some critical flaws. Only incoming mms are backed up, and only outgoing sms. Very weird.
Awesome.I am very very thankful to application developer..I have recovered my msgs from my old phone to gmail.Superb.
Excellent
What's app support removed?
It was good two months before, now the application is not updating the phone messages into Gmail, even IMAP is enabled. Please fix the issue
5 stars
ok
This app is great (or was great). Given it 5 stars because of that it used to be but please reintroduce the whatsapp function. It's what made it stand out from all the others
I used to like this app very much but since it doesn't back up automatically, it's kind of pointless and unreliable then. However, it can still back up manually.
Was able to refer to previous text messages in a legal matter.
Please bring it back !
Has over the years saved many important conversations from vanishing into the dark after mobiles broke down or otherwise needed to be replaced. Very straightforward to fine tune. Works in the background for you.
I have tried this and it will not back up the old messages. i never got the first time back up message. it will only back up the new ones i get. i have check all setting and i cant find were to back up old message. .
In a future update, I'd love to see three things: 1) MMS support, 2) bigger freedom to customize a backup through date, contact and message type filters and 3) a 1-1 ratio between contact and amount of threads. I'd be happy to chip in if those three wishes were fulfilled. Still a great app though, thanks!
It used to work perfectly. The last update broke the app completely. Backup and restore none works. While trying to restore it forces to select SMSbackup+ as default messaging app. If not selected, it doesn't even try to restore.
Please work on saving mms
The June 23rd update broke the app. Haven't been able to back up anything since that update.
I like that it synchs with Gmail, but it started to get buggy and slow. I have 27k SMS and I hate that if the program fails at the 20k restoration point,  the restoration needs to be started all over again...and over... Also Gmail gets clogged
Lack of ehatsapp support made this a terrible and useless app.
One of the first ones I install. Keeps a searchable record of calls and SMS
Used to work perfect.  Now only backs up my msg not the responders too.
Older version worked great. Latest not working for me.
Does not support WhatsApp any more. Hello developers, more messages are exchange by non-SMS technologies these days.. !   I know WhatsApp keeps changing encryption but you could either try to fix it yourself (as the people at OmniCrypt have done) or you could keep the backup option in an advanced menu for users who know how to work it.  Calls, MMS and SMS - how very 1990s :(
Buona applicazione
Good
Why whatsapp support removed?
The best feature what i loved was the backing up whatsapp message and now that it s disabled....its not worth it. There are hundreds of app available for backing up the service you provide, you were out of all them and now any any more, I would love if you enable that feature back of backing up whatsapp...
I cant set my username ag password.
Only backed up my messages through may 30.says it backed up/restored 3800 items but i only have 1599 messages.
Easy to use, backup in simple steps
I used to keep this app for whatsapp backup only,which is no more in your latest upgrade. Hence I am uninstalling the app.
Upgraded to the S6 edge and this app hasn't worked once. Please fix. Still doesn't work after latest update.
Now this app doesn't work on my phone.
Used to have this rated at 5, but with the most recent upgrade, backing up of whatsapp messages has been removed, hence my decrease to a 3 star. The whole reason I had gotten this was for the whatsapp support.
This program is super awesome, read your automatically backed up sms messages right from your gmail interface, great for documentation & works seamlessly!!!
... But I really wish it handled group messages. As it is it breaks them up into multiple conversations in Gmail. Sort of frustrating.
Thank you for efforts to doing a right apps that's useful for me I will installing this app.
I like your effort  on this app.
This app is great, the only thing I wish it had was an option. To delete read text messages after they were backed up, or atleast have this as an option.
Used this for years. Great little app
This app was working perfectly until the new year when randomly it stopped saving my partners side of the conversion.  Maybe  the lollipop upgrade broke it.
100% job done bye this app.
Got new phone today. Backed up sms on old. Installed this app on new phone and selected to restore. It restored every sms from 2012 and 2013. Nothing newer. Waste of time. No control over what it restores. Zero stars!
It doesn't work
I used it almost just because of the Whatsapp backup to gmail feature, so from the last update it is near to useless to me. Please add back Whatsapp support.
The app seemed to work well in backing up my call logs and SMS's to my Gmail account. However after I installed it the phone became very buggy, would freeze at different points and I wasn't able to place any calls so I uninstalled in a panic after which the phone resumed normal function. Alcatel One Touch S'Pop 4030X w/Andrioid Jelly Bean. May try again at some point though.
Got this when I got the Nexus One, been using it since then and on every phone after. It is a great way to backup text as well as mms. Plus they're searchable in gmail! Definitely help to find that one text!
Very Good app love it
Works quick & w.o notice
I just realized that this app only saves SENT messages and not received.
This is one of the worst apps I have ever downloaded. I wish I could give it a minus 5 stars.
The app does what it is supposed to do in simple terms. I use it for SMS only. As I regularly flash various ROMs on my phone, it does a great job of restoring the SMS. For very old messages I have to first uncheck " delete old messages" in the messaging client then restore the SMS.
I started using this app way back on my Google G1. Back then, it did not yet have the ability to pass along the dates to make sense of conversations as they all came into Gmail with a timestamp of whenever it synched up. It didn't yet have the ability to pull down attachments in MMS messages. To be honest, I didn't care because there was nothing else like this and it has only gotten better since. I consider my donation as money well spent and hope this app continues to stick around at least as long as I do.
Very useful app. Highly recommended.
It will definitely back up your messages...I say that but I installed the app June 22nd got a new phone...23rd and it restored messages only from prior to Sept. 2014...that doesn't help me...thank you for a half done app. I'm not a fan.
Does the job
Thanks
Auto backup still not working...
Cant backup to gmail
This is one of the first apps I download on a phone and has been for years. I love being able to go back and read my texts from years ago on my computer via gmail. I do wish it didn't split them into threads of 100 but that's the only complaint I have. I recommend it to everyone.
After you backup your sms this app will ask you pay to higher version to restore your sms
Simply brilliant.
Not backing up the INCOMING texts in the convo?
JJ
Love it. I work in mobile retail and proactively recommend it to all my android customers.
Please add whatsapp
Makes documenting/saving text messages so much easier.
It works. Been using it on two phones for 5 years.
New UI???
Does exactly what I want, consistently. Keep it up!
Can't thank the developer enough.. super work, super useful!
Long time fan, would purchase
Sony Xperia Z1 Compact
Happy it's now working as before after the update.
Have been using this app for years. Works as advertised and does its job efficiently and without complication.
Have been using it for years and I'm fully satisfied. Never sent any mms so I do not need any mms support. Rest is really as expected.
Great app
This app is incredable! Sms & call log syncing to gmail and gcal. This is what makes Android so good.
I am using this for years yet never disappointed me
Easy to use, quiet, and perfect!
Whe suplort for whatsapp is removed?
I have used this app for a few years and it has been awesome. Backing up SMS to a gmail label and backing up the call log to a Google calendar is a very useful feature.
Super
Works great for me
SUPER LIKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worked great until early May. Now won't back up. Error says have imap on, which is enabled, so don't know why it won't work. :-(
I don't know why anyone wouldn't use this app.
It is a great txt backup but quite backing things up since first of may. Reinstall it and says its backing to my gmail but nothing on my gmail..
I did like this app a lot, but with +3000 items it does not work very well. The back-up from old phone works fine, but restoring/adding the items to my new phone takes forever and if something interrupts the Restore I have to start over again. I will look for an other app when restore is complete...  And I just noticed that the app can not restore MMS.
Just wish it had more intuitive settings, etc.
I would like to backup multiple Gmail accounts,  how can I do this on my android device?  Good app would be batter if this feature is easy to find or available.
Put back the WhatsApp backup code as was in 1.5.8
Unfortunately, there is no way to guarantee that the app doesn't violate your privacy and on top of that it gives google additional information about the user. DON'T SURRENDER YOUR PRIVACY!
Thanks
This use to be the most reliable app
It cannot detect any messages on my phone.
This app saves all my text messages automatically to my gmail account. Now I can delete from my phone and have a record of all of my texts on my email account.  I just search SMS plus the persons name and it pulls them up seamlessly.
It all I needed and more!
Quality app that just works.  I have used this app on and off for years now and for me, no problems.
Would like to be able to select multiple groups for option "Contacts to backup"
I just wanted to keep my texts when switching phones. Kinda sad that I had to let Google index them. Happy I still have them.
Restore works great too!
Lg flex
Worked for me
Not good
Good
Not working
In my Xperia Z lollipop 5.0.2 whatsapp backup not done please suggest me how to backup automatically. It's urgent. Thanks in advance.
Fantastic Application
I had this on my old phone and it worked great moving texts to my email. But now that I have a Moto X 2 running Android 5.0, it stopped working. It always looks like its working but then after a few minutes, it says the sync failed and it stops. Totally useless now.
Very useful
Useful app
Warning this application  could B spyware get warning from my security program. can steal data n when I tried to use it, it backed up so it says... But when used restore got black screen only... And says it restored only 3/4 of information but only showed a black screen during entire process and after couldn't see my messages for text until I deleted the app thank God I didn't lose them highly recommend Google investigate this application!!!!
SMS Backup + .. please fix yourself .. no backups since May 11, 2015 ..
Es una aplicacion del mejor tipo: ni te acordas que esta ahi, porque hace perfectamente su trabajo. La tengo hace mucho tiempo para los SMS, pero el backup de los mensajes de WhatsApp es algo que busque mucho tiempo y me parece genial que ahora lo incorpore el SMS Backup+
Useless app......
I love this app, but for a while it would not upload over wifi. I had to use data. But now I don't have a data plan! :( how can I get it to work over wifi?? Thank you
Great u must try
Solid, easy to use back up of messages and call logs.
Great app, really useful.
I have to manually back up my text all the time
My Note 3 running Android  4.4.4 Kit Kat this app did not backup anything. Glad I backed up using Kie a few months go. App isn't  worth  free.
Today I reset my mobile I took backup of all call log and message when I tried to restore its doing nothing only restoring zero item. Help me to fix issue asap. I lost many important message
100% for this app, working greatly
Great app for backup.
This used to be my preffered App..But off late, the Google authentication started failing.. When you try web login, it takes me to a page which shows ' migrate from OAuth 1.0 to OAuth 2.0.' Please correct the issue..
All the msg can be backup with the Gmail n retrieve whenever required.. A must have app for everyone.
please create a download system user download file and resrore in device ,and if wifi is suddenly off it restat from start , and sms sperating sysrem,dont double restore message. please fix these things, i will give u 5 star if u fix these bugs. hope that will understand this and fix bugs
Love it
WhatsApp backup doesn't work.
I'm backing up SMS fine but the app won't backup my whatsapp messages. 5 stars if this can be fixed
Have I read correct, removed whatsapp backup code? Why?
Stopped backing up what's app. Will change stars once it's fixed
BRAND NEW TO THE APP. WILL GIVE A NEW REPORT IN 90 DAYS.  THANK YOU.
This has stopped working as Google no longer support oauth 1. Please update to use oauth 2 when you can... This app always gets installed when I set up my phone. Been using since 2011
All the images of my son sent by his teacher are lost! That was the main reason I worried about backing up my sms & mms.  I wanted to save the important moments shared by my son's teacher throughout the year.  I am so upset!
I had to reset my phone back to factory and had to restore my messages and didn't work. Why and how will get my messages back??
I loved this. It used to back all of my stuff every night at the time I told it to, which was at 2am when I was sleeping. Now, it says the IMAP in my GMAIL account settings has been diaabled. I have been to Verizon and they don't even know what that means. Please fix this so I can back my stuff and then I will change my rating!
Doesn't back up received text msgs!
Below is description of authentication issue from google: OAuth 1.0 was officially deprecated on April 20, 2012, and is no longer supported. We encourage you to migrate to OAuth 2.0 as soon as possible. Please upgrade ASAP.
it works
for all those with LG optimus T if  when you granted access you receive this (//gmail,) do the next, DO NOT CLICK CONNECT, go to advance settings and click IMAP server settings click Authentication, >plain text> don't change nothing on (server address and security) leave it like it is, in the next tab, type your email address and in the last one your password and that's it, go back to the home screen and press back up, it work for me after 2 days fighting with this app, sorry about my English, (server address and security got instructions inside if you want to open it)  para todos los que tienen telefonos LG optimus t si cuando le dan granted access reciven el siguiente mensaje (//gmail,) hagan lo siguiente, NO PRESIONEN CONNECT click en advance settings y luego click en IMAP server settings le dan click a Authentication >escojen plain text> no cambien nada en las dos primeras pestanas (server address and security) en la siguiente pestana pongan su nombre de usuario de gmail y el la ultima su codigo de seguridad de su correo, regresen a la paguina de inicio y presionen back up , esto me sirvio a mi despues de estar peleando con este app por dos dias espero que les sirva Saludos
From Htc M8 to Samsung S6
Application
Allows me to back up all or select conversations to my Gmail! Exactly what I needed to save the conversations that really matter!
Backed up the sms, but I got it to back up the mms which it technically did but the files it backed up were blank and wouldn't open
Fantastic app.  Very useful. Works well and reliably.
how to Backup Whatsapp Date & Conversation with media.
I love this app, it has gotten me through so many phones. I've never lost a text conversation because of it. Thank you so much to it's developers.
This app saved my worry of losing even the things that really weren't a huge deal. So so so helpful!!
Nice app
It backed up all my texts from 2013 but none from 2015. Makes no sense.
Backup function is awesome and there are plenty of options available. So handy to have it available in my list of Gmail folders. Recently switched to an S6 and much preferred this app to restore my SMS to the new phone (not sure what the complaints are, mine works as it should)
I thought the ROMs I was getting were the culprit to this inoperable app, but on a stock LG G4, the restore feature just doesn't seem to work. I'm giving it 1 star because it does manage to backup all my texts
It's done a pretty good job of backing everything up, but I can not get it to restore all of my messages.  Maybe about half of them.  Pretty disappointing.
Been using it for years.
Its good......
It works fine, i restored my sms backup on Nexus 5 rooted on 4.4.4 and another nexus 5 rooted on 5.1.1. Excellent app
I'd be lost without this. Backs up to my Gmail account and I organize the logs from there. This has been so helpful to me now more times than I can count - I've been able to bring in text logs and call logs to court with this app and they are accepted as evidence, and easier to acquire this way than trying to get them from your phone provider. Only issue is sometimes it won't backup if connected via Wi-Fi and have to ensure I am only connected through mobile service. --- Wi-Fi issue seems to have been fixed
Huehueuehe
Doesn't work
One of the best app in play store for backp sms.
back up
Used to be a good app. Now it is as good as working in manual mode only. Still seems to be using OAuth1 whereas Google is not accepting it anymore. I setup backup every hour but still does not honor it. Every time I get an SMS, I get this error. I have to manually go and backup. Not sure what the problem is. It was a lovely app. Can anybody suggest a similar app?
This app used to backup automatically but not anymore. I have to manually run it. No reply from the author.
Everything is fyn but whatsup backup is not working. After backup no update found in gmail. Also last backup date is shown older date.
Awesome app. Thank you! Helped a lot backing up sms'. Hope that it will also backup whatsapp better than now.
superb
I need to backup whatsapp again. Please do something
I really enjoyed this app.  It worked very well!!!  However, I forogt to clean out my call log list and my txt messages before I backed them up.  I had no idea that this app would NOT allow me to back-up my stuff a 2nd time.  I know that I cannot be the only one, who has ever needed a "DO OVER!!!"  It was easier to clean out my gmail account copies of my call logs and texts than it was to do them one-by-one.  What i didn't know, was that I could NOT do this a 2nd time!!!    I would like to be able to use this app more than once, if needed!!!
superb
Works flawlessly! It's great! been using it for years an I  really appreciate the developers hard work.
Love it
I performed the setup, but not the Initial back-up DURING the setup.. I wanted to adjust the Advanced Settings FIRST, which seemed logical... Unfortunately, the post-installation instructions which popped up stated that the ONLY Way to get a thorough back-up, was to do the initial back-up during the setup.. which seems ridiculous... Those instructions go on to say that  whatever message weren't backed up can NEVER be... So, my first back-up only recovered about 10-15 messages per contact, in many cases leaving upwards of a hundred messages between myself and other individuals trapped on my phone "marked as backed up" even though they are not.. I want these messages saved as well!!!!
I have had problems with it but it turned out to be a bad rom
Great job.
Too many errors
You won't be disappointed everything is sent to your Gmail works good.
Not useful for transferring MMS to another phone. App states that it does not restore MMS.
Been using it for more than 4 years and it just helps me find old messages in my mail.
Wld b great if didnt crash all the time and stop auto backup
So useful and lightweight
I know the kitkat - lollipop update has been out for awhile. But i just happened to make it back to edit this... Thank you for fixing it. Now i can back up my stuff again!!!
Does exactly what it's supposed to do.  No issues at all so far.  Got this for transferring history to a new device, but the added bonus of search in gmail makes this infinitely useful.
Only a handfull of messages from my contacts are saved. All of the messages I send are in the sms folder, but none of the messages from others. Total waste.
But can u also backup viber sms that would be 5 star
On Nexus 5 what's aap backup not working ?? Plz help it on this
whatsapp backup on gmail won't work anymore.. please fix it. thanks
fantastic....
Its amazing that I can save conversations in my email. It works really great and is easy to use love it great job great idea!
Unable get backup of whatsapp..pl fix this. I need it....in past this function was working fine but now its not working for me.. (reflecting there is no items for whatsapp ) there for only one star frm my side bcoz i mostly use whtsapp instead to sms so pls fix this then i will give you 5 stars and will recommend to others to use this app..  Still not fixed.
I downloaded this and backed up texts before deletion on phone. On checking the back up I realised that Gmail only shows messages I have sent . Not received for some people. How do I rectify this ?
Just does the job :-) EDIT: lost 1* as it hasn't worked for WhatsApp for quite a while.
Works beautifully in the background to keep my texts backed up. I frequently forget I even have it installed, but am never disappointed when I check to make sure it's working.
My sms and mms backed up to my Gmail!  It was a life saver cos my att message cloud some how got deleted an now isn't synchronizing so thank God most of my texts are on my Gmail!   The only thing I hate is when I restored them on to my new phone the text are there but my pictures I had attached did not restore so u can see the conversation but no pictures to tell full story an I needed the text an pictures for a legal case!
My 2500++ contacts n 500 call logs saved successfully! This takes time gor the amount but trustworthy!! 5 star n thumbs up!!
Was searching and exactly found wat i wanted. Thumbs up guys keep it up
Stops if you don't remember your password changed. My whatsapp does not backup. Help please.
This app seemed really promising and it looks like it's backed up my sent and received sms in my Gmail account, but when I restore it it only restores my sent messages. I've had to backup and restore two phones now and both times it has done this. Not sure if this is a rare issue but it looks like others have had similar complaints on Github and I haven't seen a response about it yet. Would love to get my backed up messages back.
Still reliable as ever.  Where do I send the cup of Joe?
Unable to connect to my google account! (Google's Auth 1.0 ended)
I proved my case in court with proof and won!! Thank you for making this easy!!
Worked great before. Now constant login error. Backup using the app manually. What happened?
Failed repeatedly when I tried to restore all of my 17000 messages, but worked fine when I limited it to 500. Would be nice if it had an option of 1000 or 2000, because I don't need my texts from 3 years ago but more than 500 would be good.
Can not get it to back up WhatsApp. Keeps saying never been backed up
Keeps saying there are no items to back up. There are over 1500 messages to back up!
Does what is says and does it well.
Does exactly as it says. Allows backup of text messages and call logs via Gmail. And it allows restores. Sexy.
After the latest update... The app keeps stopping. I need to have my texts and call logs backed up.
Great for the tinkerer. I load custom ROMs a lot and this makes the  Transition easy
Jack1993
Doesn't seem to work for backing up WhatsApp at all
how do iI reset my password and usernamre because it wont allow restore button unless this is done
Rubbish app
I've been using this app since 2012 and was one of the first apps I installed when I got this new phone. However has been a bit disappointing recently. Minimising stopped back up. And if it stopped at 15/100, haha! No chance it would let you back up the other 85 items. Still better than the other apps out there. Just waiting for bug fix. No other app backs up whatsapp. Also, it works just fine as long as you don't use auto back up.
I have just moved all text messages to my new phone. all 11000 messages backed up and restored with no problem. Very good app!
Backup the whole as 1 convo. Instead y'all save it by dates. Spent several hours just to now have cluster fuk of mess in gmail. Poor app don't use.
Works quietly in the back and just does its thing...I really liked it when they included WhatsApp backup too.
Ok
I had this on my last phone and my phone died. I got the new phone and nothing was restored. It just had an I/O error and will not continue.
I've been using this app for ages and it has been great.  However the WhatsApp backup ceased to work a while ago.   Is there anyway to reinstate this? What do you have to do to get it working again??
Everything thing is back. No doubt. Great app. Now no more tension to loose your messages.
Had this for years (since the evo 4g, just updated to lollipop, wiped my phone clean, and reinstalled, works perfectly to archive my texts into my email.  You have to make sure your Google account is set to allow this program access, otherwise, quick and easy (backed up 300 messages in about 1 minute)
No savey
Just installed and ran this so that I can save my texts from an upcoming factory reset. (Mostly due to the "great" Lollipop upgrade!)  This worked great! Easy to use to back up all your texts and call log.  If it gets stuck (which happened a few times), just Stop it and it will restart where it was. I haven't tried the Restore, but mostly I wanted a copy of my texts and they all went to my Gmail (SMS folder) so I'm thrilled. Highly recommended!
It was my favourite but looks like it doesn't support Microsoft account.  Please fix
It's beautiful when its work.so awesome to have all your texts in your email but lately it just hasn't worked. It keeps not being able to back up and all that has been working is uninstalling and reinstalling every time I want to back up everything. If it could work again I could love it again.
I keep getting an IO error message.  App hasn't backed anything up since April 30th
Server does not support xoauth. The message i keep getting now all settings are where they should be it suddenly isn't working. Please fix
A lot
Greatly design
This app can back up all your conversations with Gmail. Backup process is little slow, I would rate 5  if developer could improve the back up process time.
not work waste of time
Been using it for years
Best backup App ever :)
Love that it backs up all my data /logs to my email. And the restore option is nice as well.
I've been using this for years and it has always worked great! It looks like Google has changed things and this app gets rejected when attempting to sign on. I hope an update can be made available. Thanks!!
awesome app, works like a charm, once you install and setup you can just forget about it till you actually need it. works great.   *** Update no kitkat support ***
I'm on LOLLYPOP I donated over 6 pounds for this application, as I was swapping phones and need some of my important texts,  I backed everything up to Google using this app, I installed it on my new phone,  pressed restore and it says restored 0 out of 0,  I've lost everything I'm so angry. When I used the backup button on the app on my old phone it showed that everything,  179 items, texts and WhatsApp were safely backed up.  NOW EVERYTHING IS LOST,  PLEASE RETURN MY DONATION I will give it to the RSPCA
It was amazing until yesterday. At 4pm 5/6/15 it stopped backing up my messages completely.
XOAuth has been depreciated and support was stopped on May 5, 2015
Very useful app. XOAUTH error now.
Successfully restored 18764 text messages!
Must have app
ITS BACK UP EVERY SMS VERY GOOD BUT WHEN I TRIED TO RESTORE IN MY NEW PHONE IT RESTORE ALL SMS ONLY  CELL NO NOT THE WHOLE BODY OF TEXT.
I'm sorry, but it seems to be missing incoming text every now & then. Just now it missed 2 whereas an hour ago it successfully detected the previous 2. Nexus 4, JB, with WiFi on all the time; no changes made to the phone, it was lying on the same spot all morning! Battery still a healthy 68% as I write this, so it's not the phone's problem...
Does not back up Whats App messages in Gmail as it is suppose to.
This worked like a dream for me, all my messages and phone logs were restored. I have to say though,  I didn't have that many messages stored.
It does not add the call log when someone calls or I call, nothing...it does backup the sms but not the calls... used to with my previus phone but since I changed to Samsung Galaxy 3 it doesn't anymore... help ?
Very good for keeping conversations. I recently got a new phone and it was nice having all my old messages on it after I restored them from my gmail
Help! Why doesn't it back WhatsApp anymore? It used to but i doesn't now :-(
I like this app,  however I don't see that's backing up WhatsApp..  Let me know if I  missing something here.
Assumed automatic backup worked.  When it works, great app.  Simple.  Backs up each call and sms seperately to gmail.  Thus easy to track a message much later.  The need to improve reliability.
I like this app, but it's frustrating that I can't restore my MMS. There is content that I was not able to save, and it is in a picture message. Very sad.
Great app for log SMS
Nice
As it states, make sure u enable imap...doing so will automatically backup/copy all sms to the email account..no need to back up and restore..all sms and calls will be in your email you provide under label Imap.
No comment
Open apps running time force close please help
I just love it...ahh
Please fix it.. It works great on 5.0.x but 5.1 breaks it.
Works as expected.
Good but unable to backup whatsapp chats, please help.
I DELETE TEXTS I NO LONGER WANT AND THEY REAPPEAR, OVER AND OVER AND OVER. How do I delete saved texts permanently?
We
Nise sms backup my 1500 sms backup is nice to install with radar phone
I've used this app for years and it was my goto-app for text backup. I tried to contact the developer for a few questions and received no response.   I believe this app is no longer supported.  Thank  goodness,  there are other  options for text backup and restore.  You might, want to look elsewhere. I highly recommend SMS BACKUP & RESTORE by Ritesh Sahu. SMS BACKUP & RESTORE by Ritesh Sahu is now my preferred SMS text backup app.
Have been using this for a long time now and loved it... but apparently it stopped working at some point and I can't seem to fix it. It's not backing up new messages and the last message backed up was weeks ago and it insists there's nothing to backup despite the fact that there are easily thousands of messages that need backing up. Please fix this!
Simple but slow
Can't load
Does what I need, when I need it.
sala gandu APS hai
Really useful
Takes a very long time to restore 30,000+ SMS's and doesn't always restore everything.
Works great but there is a bug with textra SMS app. I only see the messages I sent after a restore. In other app I can see sent and received messages.
Exactly what I wanted. It took a while, but I now have about 7000 searchable text messages as emails !
Works perfectly, great for peace of mind and changing phones. I've been using it for a couple of years now and have never had a problem. It can take a little while to do a full restore if you have a lot of texts, but when it just works away in the background it's no big deal.
Don't like to have the SMS in my gmail when searching for mails.
Ossam app
Hi,  Can you please help me restore the call log. I am not sure why is it not working. I am on CM12.1
Last time i am using it, my whatsapp can be backup into gmail. But now i install to new phone and try to backup my whatsapp, it shown never backup before and could not backup.
Its literally a text message every 3 seconds uploaded. At 2300 uploading, its going to take 115 minutes!!!!  3 only because it does back them up, but I have had it just miss entire blocks of time.
Does not work at all. There is no way to actually see the back up via email. I click view log and nothing happens. Uninstalling.
He. Man. 7778
Superb app
I have WhatsApp checked for it to backup but it always says never backed up. SMS gives the date and time of backup. Please fix.
I wasn't able to choose what I wanted to backup. Such as only sms or call log. So it backed up everything. I don't need my call log. Another issues is if you have a sms with long conversation, each response is backed up as it's own individual email.
Nice
Lifesaver
Ook
Great
I donated to the app. And it still gives an IO error. Please fix..
This is a great so
It has fully backed up all my calls and messages without any hassle. Config and forget.
This program is great. I use it for backing up the phone and it has saved me for quite some time.
Please include WhatsApp data backup also
this does what I need it to do, but wish this was available for iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad
Whatsapp backup is not working
thank you for such a wonderful app
Simple, easy & effective way to back-up ur massages.
Does the job as intended
Iffy app! Great Gmail integration concept, but needs more work.
Great app. If you're backing your phone up to do a factory reset yes it will take a while as clearly the phone is playing up. Took about an hr to backup 7k texts. However after resetting phone it took around 10 minutes to restore.
Hi hello how  u
Nice
Used to love this app. Now it won't back up received messages, only sent
Does what it says
Moto G (2nd Gen) Official Lollipop.  Initial backup of 376 SMS worked as expected, taking around 5 minutes. Text based MMS were backed up properly. I don't use auto or restore so can't comment. I don't send pics via MMS so can't comment. I've used this app this way occasionally over the years and never had a problem. Eris, Incredible, Incredible2, Galaxy Nexus, Moto G2.
It's only backing up some messages, and not others.  It's also backing them up oddly.  For example I have a thread of messages that are between me and 5 other people, and it's backing up the messages in random threads once it reaches my email.  Please help!!!!
I've been using this app for years, and am grateful for its background processing. Set & forget, but never disappointed.
Works great but it occassionally brainfarts where i need to go and manually ok it to start after a failure that it lets me know about.
Please fix the issue with KitKat restore. It backs up in gmail but its hard to sift through to find old info like phone numbers with work.
Though the first few days it worked fine, then the problem started. It only seems to save my replies from a conversation thread and the other person's replies are nowhere to be found. Would've been a lovely program, if only it did its job. Not happy.
Exactly what I needed and wanted.
I researched apps and this one was highly recommended, I noticed more recent views were negative but decided to try it anyway. The app only got through a couple thousand texts and then gave me an error and timed out, it was also extremely slow backing up the texts it did get through. I looked at the texts that backuped and contacts were switched because they were texts from contacts I have never texted with including landlines. Deleted and used  SMS Backup & Restore instead.
Each message I send and receive gets backed up, but the emails that are created don't show the correct recipients. How do I get you more bug information? Galaxy S6, Android 5.0
Great app, worked perfectly no issues
Does not back up my WhatsApp messages. I did check the box for that.
Not sure why but it only restores the texts that I've sent. It won't restore received messages at all.
Used it for years but went to migrate to a new phone and app won't run on Android 5.2. It just cycles and glitches, occasionally it gives new 'i/o' error. Tried multiple installs and reboots, very disappointing and frustrating
I use this app to sync my SMS msgs from time to time. I don't like deleting conversations that have sentimental value to me. I also prefer not to use Google sync & like the ability to sync only what I want when I want, & this app is great for that.
Love this app!! Love love love.                  I have always loved this app but now for some reason it's stopped working won't backup at all... Having to uninstall this app after over a year it's just stopped working
Great app, but I don't like putting my SMS conversations on Gmail cuz they scrape their emails for advertising purposes. Needs option to send to non-Gmail addresses.
Syncs w gmail
It took me a little bit to realize the back up had worked. It repeatedly gave me an error, however, when I looked at GMAIL, I found a label called SMS. There everything was!
Great app, hopefully the developers can get it working with Kit Kat. It seems to restore call history fine on my G2 just not texts.
Just upgraded to Samsung S6 and none of my msgs restored.
Been using this app on three different phones over the years & still think it is excellent. Works perfectly, every time!!
Would be nice if you could set a date or a time frame for which to restore. Or even just restore from most recent messages first, rather than oldest first.
Used this app for years now it won't update automatically even if that option is selected. Uninstalling.
doesn't backup whatsapp
used this for years now nothing but IO error.
ITS BAD
Nothing can even near to this app, real time backup of your sms and call logs without any problems and difficult configuration. Easy to use, very simple in style. It really works.  Thanks to development team.
Worked perfectly, stopped working and is giving authentication errors. Xoauth and imap, both don't work anymore :-( Please fix this
Does exactly what it says it can do. I've used it for years on different phones and with a total of 34,170 texts backed up. I've never had a problem and it restores text quickly. Well worth the money.
Messages
Did not fail me to date
Simple and it works every time (for 3 years already).
Just gets hung up. Yeah, I could do some digging around and I might find a patch, but that puts the problem on me and as a consumer I don't have the time or energy for that.
I feel happy for use this application.it backup a very memorable moments in life.backup call logos and sms is super.
it can't auto backup sms and phone call log
Sometimes stops syncing with calendar. Have no idea where to look to fix it
Its only been backing up my side of the conversation, not the while thing....
This app is very useful to sync everything, but we can't sync whatsapp messages. Please fix this bug. Otherwise it's 5 *****  app.....
An outstanding app!! I totally recommend it!     :-D
Android KitKat
I have to keep all my text messages and this app is wonderful. I have never Had a problem.
Never synced anything to gmail
Looks like the latest update fixed my issues, thanks!  Would love to see MMS backup and restore! :)
Emploee: No that is not what I said Mgr: Well I save every text I get.
My WhatsApp msgs is not being synchronise..it is showing never backed up..in its option
I often switch custom ROM on my phone and this is the essential tool to back up your call log and SMS!
Don't download people, after I backed up my messages I restored everything to my other phone and only half my messages, sucks
Stopped backing up incoming messages when they arrive like it used to. Settings are correct. Only working on a manual backup.
call log is not restoring on xperia c 4.2.2.
It backed up both sent and received but won't restore received messages...
It won't let me select the gmail account.
Installed a couple of weeks ago and all SMS and Call Logs (almost 2 years worth) are now in my gmail.  If the NSA can see them, so should I.
Working fine with Lollipop. -------------- Still great in 2015.----------------------------------  Surprising useful - would be good core Gmail for Android functionality. Backs up log and SMS fine on KK 4.4.4. I don't need the restore. This is now the only non Google/Motorola app left on my phone.
I attempted to back up my texts but it only backed up a few from the last few days, even though this was my first time backing it up. I'm getting a new phone and I need my texts! Can someone help me back up all of them?
IT HAS A VERY SLOW BACK UP FEATURES. IT TAKES YEARS TO BACK UP A TOTAL OF 20K CONVO. DONT RECOMMEND THIS.
I love this app. It quickly and quietly backs up all my texts to gmail. :-)  It does it automatically and I don't even notice. I like that you can also have it do a backup any time you want, in addition to the automatic schedule.  Very nice to have them saved forever. Also makes transferring pictures my mom texts me really simple, since they show up in gmail I can just download them to wherever I want them straight from gmail.
When I am trying to restore, it's asking you change default sms app to backup+ else does not work..what a stupid condition have you imposed?
How to back up whatsapp n how to restore aft the formatting of phone
this is great
Good
Like any backup software that doesn't work, it's worse than nothing!
Earlier day, it works good.. Now its annoying. Cannot backup all texts, cannot restore too
Nit wirking now after 5.1 update..
This is great 
Was my fav. App
Works well, does what it says perfectly
It is useful to have SMS continuously synced to my Gmail so I can read and search them conveniently.  However, the backup on Gmail is NOT a faithful representation of the SMS actually on your phone, hence it causes problems when trying to restore (and it's very slow compared to most other apps).  Do NOT use this app for backup & restoring.
Will not back anything up.  Worthless.  Samsung s5
the best app
suuuuuperb
I just installed the SMS backup+   on my Samsung phone.  Now it looks like it erased my previous back up from my old samsung on my gmail account.   Those backups are so important to me.  Please help me in getting my old back up back.
Not compatible with Kit Kat. Messages do not restore. Only senders names. Please fix app./Dbl-checked app function to find it had stopped auto updating in Oct 2014. Manually prompted back up errors and stops, prompting error messages associated with IMAP settings, but my Gmail is configured correctly. Does not seem this app is receiving attention any longer. Is it just time to find a new one?
useful app
all settings are good but whatsapp messages not going to gmail.
Hacer backup a mis llamadas y texto y poderlo recuperar exelente.
Updates have fixed the issues I had before. Works great now.
It seems to work flauless
This used to be my go to app for back and restores. Had to get a new phone yesterday. I did a backup on the old device and sent it to my email,  it said it was attaching a file. Sadly to say there was no attachment. I keep receiving an error. I guess I'm off to another app
I like this app a lot because I can quickly look at messages on Gmail.  But, many of the messages seem to get backed up out of order.  I've noticed this happens if I have too many to back up at once.  If I do it in smaller bites it seems to be OK.  I don't want to have to backup my messages every ten SMSes, though.
After backing up, I looked in my SMS section of gmail and in each thread the messages seemed to be in random order. Not useful when storing conversations.
Its really very worth to have, thanks for the app
Where i found my deleted sms after backup tell me
Tried other SMS backup to Gmail apps - this was the only one that worked on Nexus 6 ! - cool
Summet time
Simple, effective, and fantastic. Love this application, makes having occasionally factory resetting when flashing roms very easy. Donated!
Such an awesome app. Very easy going and simple. Very nice
Baaaaal
This is the 2nd time I've  had to try to restore my data and it always fails. Not a happy camper.
It works very slowly..for backuping up my only 6218 messages it took about 4 hours..
Got excited when I seen all the items that would be restored, only for it not to happen. Bullshit app
Glitches
Fixed! Restore works now
Great app, setup once and forget about it.
Working better than SMS backup now.
Useaful for business people
Recommended
Awesome
I have setting auto backup but it not work. Please fix it.
Used it for years now.
Used to work great but not anymore. Totally useless and I lost several hundred messages when I swapped phones.
I think this is good but what about photos?
Loved this app for a long time...when it worked.  Loved being able to backul only groups and have the layout perfect in a selected folder of gmail. But now, it only backs up SENT messages...I need the whole thread...mainly the incoming ones. Very disappointed.  Im on Vzn 3/4s -mini.
Appears most SMS are restored now after fix... Thank you!
Good & very reliable
I backed up all my texts before switching to a new phone, but not everything shows up in my email and it's all out of order. Disappointed.
Now, this app is one of my faves, it allows me to back-up my texts n call log, then delete off my phone :)
I love how it syncs to my email account. A must have!
Supper
not able to take whatsapp auto backup on gmail kindly suggest...
Unable to open connection for com.zegoggles.smssync.mail.BackupStoreConfig@cb7f2a1:Call log/AsyncTask #2/conn123456789 com.fsck.k9.mail.store.imap.ImapException: Command: SELECT "Call log"; response: #6# [NO, [NONEXISTENT], Unknown Mailbox: Call log (Failure)]
Does it efficiently, so you can't beat that.
Synced my texts and call records to gmail. Made court alot easier!
Good
That's the word . Awesome job to developers. Reliable app does not fail ,backing up almost your whispers I was able to restore to my new Lg G3 28,556 items wowwww!!. Thank you thank you so much!!
Used this app for a long time now with no problems.  Now it won't back up and having changed phones not long ago, I know I've missed a lot.  Probably will need to find another app now.  Sigh.
I needed an easy way to print an entire text conversation. I installed this app, logged in to my Gmail account and hit backup. Then it's an easy Gmail search, (using the sms tag really helped). I printed what I wanted and continue to use this app. I only gave 4 stars because there are some minor UI bugs, but I donated to help fund those getting fixed.
Not bad
Its so nice app and great to have itto backup ur sms.  But i need to ask how to delete the old backup to make a fresh one. I had a problem when i reset my mobile and restored unwanted sms. Was searching how to delete now the old backup and mKe a new one after i finished deleting all the unwanted sms.
Where the hell are ANY of the received text messages from my contacts?????
Worst
This app is great, except for the fact that whenever I restore, it tries to restore ALL my SMS messages. I only want to restore fairly recent ones... Any way to do that?
I first tried this app a while back and it didn't deliver. But I just recently tried it again and it took a long, long time to upload and download my stuff but I also had a huge amount of text and call logs. It was amazingly accurate and I feel like I am exactly where I left off. I notice people gave this app 1 or 2 stars because of the speed, get over yourselves, it did what it said it would do. Some people are just ungrateful because of options. Thank you (if you can improve the speed it would be great).
Its really a great app. Love it try it out guys.
Works really well for me.
6k texts over two hours and still not done
Awesome!!!!!
Moved and restored phones several times with this app, worked well
Thank you!!  Been using for 3 yrs I think.  Solid. Donation complete.
Most convinient app
I wish I'd known about this much sooner.
I save texts from my ex wife  and from friends if in changing phones.  and this is the best working  app
to restore messages and now call logs, too! I've used it to change my data to new phones twice. Installed and performed without a hitch. I have my phone history for the past 4-5 years.
When I started to use it in my note II, I thought how it will backup all, but when I change my phonee then restore I got all my texts. Its really good
Mentluuuuu babooiiiii mentluuuuuu
I noticed that this doesn't automatically backup anymore.  When I tell it to do a manual backup, it starts and goes for a bit but then fails with IO errors.  I have a pretty new device, an LG G3.  It stopped working well with my old Samsung G2 as well, even before I got the G3.  I wish this thing could be fixed because when it worked, once upon a time, it worked well.  It seems that when screen times out it gets hung up.  It also seems that this app doesn't run in background without hanging.  Perhaps incompatibility with recent Android OS changes??
Hats up Google ply store.thaq
Whats app backup option not working..
It backs up all of my messages to Gmail just as I want. Have used it for many years, on many roms, on many phones and never had an issue.
why its not back up the whats app
Error:  need to set IMAP on Google?
I route all SMS and Google Voice messages thru Google Hangouts due to ease and because the stock  MMS app has provided itself unreliable while sending and receiving messages.  Can we please have support to back up all messages in the Hangouts app including Hangouts messages please?
Auto backup doesn't work
Great app
Good
It easier to Talk to Talk to people
Stop call logs from being backed up. I really don't ever need those, just the sms/mms messages. Am i missing something or is it a feature that isn't included in the app?
Every time my phone dies or if I have to restart, I have to sync my email again. It's annoying. I lose everything
no backup for whatsapp
It only backed up what I sent not the other party!!!
It backs up the sms I've sent but not those I've received.
why no option to backup specific texts or call logs
nice app
Needed it,to be able to print text messages for a court hearing thanks
Aalaaaa
Works perfectly for me and serves my need to backup all my smses to my Gmail account.
I like this apps & love Nirme.
App used to work well, then I updated it and now it won't log in to my gmail to backup.
If your backups ain't working,  check your 'Call log'  and 'SMS' Gmail labels (in Gmail settings via web) are set to 'show in imap'.  Fixed my problems.  Such a good app.  Thank you.
I love this app..
Still waiting for MMS restoration option and WhatsApp messages backup option. Date stamp was wrong on restoration, another app got it right. But backed all my SMS without fail, and I have been using the app for more than four years and it has helped me a lot through the years, so thanks a lot, Jan!
It works on sms and calls, schedule works, but since nov 3, 2014 does not backup my whatsapp messages to gmail label. I've reinstalled on same smartphone, installed in a new brand smartphone but does not work
This app us worked good with earlier versions of lollipop. after updating my OS to lollipop, it is not working and giving message as "unable to connect to host".
The fact you have SMS messages and call logs on Gmail is just super.
It worked great on my old phone, but got the LG G3, and now its not working right. Its backed up SOME of my messages, but a bunch aren't. Is there was way to force it to back up all messages on my phone?
Please fix for whatsapp backup and i will rate 5 star
Lovely
Not backing up incoming text
Awesome pictures ppl send me are now archived automatically in a gmail folder instead of being trapped in my phone.
I hate it!!!!!! =-O
I restore,  but some text from 1 year ago get back but not from 4 months ago. Wtf? Stupid app!
Does not back up a thing on SlimKat S3
After some recent updates only those calls made to and received from the people in the contact list are backed up. Earlier all incoming and outgoing calls used to be. Please change it to what it was before
Doesnt backup my whatsapp chats kindly fix it
How do you start back up from laptop or other divide please .For 5 star
Problem purchase of video games and software. Dislike about this product.
Worked perfectly
Outstanding app to backup messages, but it does not support the new Samsung Tab S, why is that???
Minor hiccups,  but everything gets backed up through email. Been using it since 2009.  Thanks for being free all these years!
Easy to use
Guess I have no more issues after shifting to Mi mobiles. This application works with no issues once the right permissions are granted in MIUI "Permission Manager". I can confirm that this app causes some trouble or the other with Cyanogenmod based ROMs and also Stock ones.
Works great on lollipop rom
I completely wiped my phone including my texts which I wanted and I thought this App would not work but wow was I wrong, this app brought back every single text I wanted after doing a factory reset. If you want to back up your text look no further, this app will easily do the job!
I'm guessing after the update I had to reopen and agree to the new terms for it to start backing up again. During all this time I thought it was backing up. Make sure you know it's backing up. Three stars because this app has potential.
Why is it only downloading my side of the conversation but not the other person?
Sir plz launch this software for Iphone
Auto backup is not working in MI3. Please fix it ASAP.
I've been using this awhile  and thought it was time to review/score as I'm installing on a new phone. Does exactly what I want it to with no effort on my end.
Works great the only thing I wish it had was MMS restore, that's the one feature I'm waiting for.
Great APP
NYC app
It works!
Allows me to keep running backup of my texts. Great for record keeping. I've never tried a restore. More granular control over backup intervals (no options for regular backup between 2 and 6 hours?) and/or a custom schedule would make this 5 stars. Rooted stock  OnePlus One.
I've had this app for a very long time and it used to be really good, backed up all of my messages (and I have a lot) fairly quickly on WiFi and synced to my Gmail. Loved it. Now when I try to back up messages though it keeps giving me the same message over and over that there's an authorization error and IMAP isn't enabled. I checked my Gmail settings and IMAP is enabled so not sure why it keeps saying that. If that gets fixed my rating will go up to five stars.
Good
Poor logging. Slow update
The only thing I wanted was a backup to email.  I don't know how much is a lot of texts because I had a lot.  I love how it automatically backs up and then I can cleaned my phone out.  It helps keep things neat and organized.
Erica Jackson
Fantastic!
Mantab
Backed up all my old msgs when factory reset phone, restored them all fully. Can be slow when backing up but worth it if it means you don't lose anything.
Awesome
Used to be absolutely amazing but I just realized when I looked for a string of messages that recently it's only backing up my side of the conversation and that's not the side I needed. Uninstalling if not fixed  :((
Ok so i need to clean up my device and delete everything... have very important mess. but its only storing outgoing txt... um it is imperative that i retrieve the incoming as well.. seems ridiculous like im have a text conversation bymyself!!! can someone tell me what i have to do plEASE?
SMS doesn't get backed up at all. Fix this soon
I tried using to migrate texts to new phone. Left the most recent texts off and took hours and hours to back up and restore. Switched to another app which worked way better and faster.
For some reason over the last 6 months it doesnt auto back up after a while.  I lost a lot of messages I wanted to keep thinking that it was working.  Last backup was Jan 31st when I just checked :(  Auto Backup is enables.  Probably gping to need to find a different solution. Used to be great and reliable.
It is great and helpful
Would like the option to pick which texts to backup, instead of just having my entire text list backed up
Very easy to read and search SMS history and call log in GMail. Even keeps accurate timestamp for each message. Nice.
I love app
Great app that backup & restore your SMS's to Gmail. One time setup to set it to work and then it daily backing up your sms to your Gmail.  In case you replace a phone , upgrade or scratch install, you can always install the App and do a RESTORE from your Gamil for you backed up SMS. This a great working very usefull app.
This app works seamlessly! Especially with your GMail account! Couldnt ask for more...
Excellent!!! 5*****. Backup and restore operations work perfectly. !!!Update my review: Restore operation doesn't work with my Sony Xperia Z2 (Kit Kat). Hopefully, it will be fixed soon.... Update: Fixed, it works with Kit Kat.
Style
Tried to backup 16k messages and took over an hour to Google account.  When I restored on my new Note 4,several thousand messages were missing.  Other sms program worked faster and better.
On my Samsung g2, HTC Incredible 1 and 2, and now on my Moto X.
It didnt take a back up to sdcard to restore to another device. waste of time..
Since the last update, huge battery drain. I've always (4+ yrs , multiple phones) had my backup set to every 2hrs on WiFi.  On my new Galaxy S5, this app was 25% of battery usage, phone wasn't lasting  8hrs mostly on standby (connected to wifi) .  Had to switch backup increment to 24hrs.
i like this app. backup is done using gmail acount!
Backup for Whatsupp not working
Does what it says, easy to use. Perfect app!
Every time I try to back up my over 8000 messages it gives me an error so probably it won't work with that amount of messages.
Perfect, thanks
Very good app to backup Sms and call logs.
Used to work now it does nothing..
it should have the ability to backup sim texts though :/
There were no items to backup. Where goes wrong?
Please add a backup and restore date range. It would reduce the time it takes to 'calculate' backups when all you need is 30 days worth or the last year.
Works well, no adds
App
If I could give no stars I would I got the app and I opened it and would not let me do any thing I could not even turn off my phone got a virus horrible do not get this app!
Was able to get all messages off my phone and to my email successfully.
great little silent app that does it's job.
I can still manually click backup but it no longer does it automatically.
It works extremely well. If their ever comes a pro version do I get it for free if I've already donated?
Such a handy app. Well done! 
My backup isnt downloading to my s4...keeps giving me error messages... how do i fix this problem.
Worked very well for me with lollipop OS. Even restored a four year old backup generated by the original "Sms Backup". Only problems I had were the result of lost connections with my server or cell tower. Once I reconnected it picked up where it left off. No duplicates, no lost sms due to max limit of 200 in default settings (thanks Lollipop). I would suggest that new users enable "Notifications" and "Sync Log" in the advanced settings so they will be aware of what the app encounters. This is the fastest SMS and Call log restorer that I've tried. Mybackup Pro is nicer because it will restore MMS... but it is painfully slow. One restore every 2-3 seconds (I had 5000+ to restore). Titanium Backup Pro was also slow, but how slow? I don't know. It doesn't report its progress. I just gave up and went to bed... by morning it had finished. The recent poor ratings I've read are likely influenced by connection problems that the users are probably unaware of. I donated to this app to support the development of restoring MMS. Can't give it five stars unless that is implemented. Well, I just hope the developer doesn't lose interest in this very worthy endeavor.
Like this
I've
Perfect app, very necessary.
Last 2 times I've installed and tried using it, I've got disappointed. It didn't sync my messages any longer. At least in the first 5 tries it didn't work. It was giving some sort of error after running for 20 minutes. With the last try it seemed to have worked but when I've installed it on my new OnePlus One it synchronised until 2012... The very old messages that were in my Gmail.   I'd like to have it working again. I liked it's simple interface and quiet(battery friendly) background sync to my email...
I always forget about this app because it just sits in background working perfectly. Definitely provides a missing link in painlessly migrating between phones.
Hi, auto backup is not working hence I started manually and getting error message ' Error during backup/restore:Command: SELECT "SMS";response:#6#[NO,[NONEXISTENT], Unknown Mailbox: SMS (Failure)].  Handset is Sony Xperia C2104 Android 4.2.2, Location: India  Kindly help or suggest the resolution.
Went from an LG Optimus G3 to LG G3 recently. For some reason my text message history didn't survive the journey. I tried this app, but it magically found and restored text messages from 2011. Nothing more recent. My original backup backed up and restored on the new phone fine...seemingly, but the text messages never appeared on the phone.
I really hoped for this app to be the one I need, but while backuped all of my SMS it restored only 3.
I used to swear by this app but recently it just wont back up and says the last back up was the 12th Feb 2015. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling, disconnecting my accounts but nothing will make this app work for more than a few days
Good and helpful
It sucks it's saves my messages nobody else's...annoying!!
Because now I'm using dualsims only (including latest octacore), I would like to know to which sim the call or sms was targeted. Its pretty bad to call back (or text) from improper number, unknown to original caller... Operator or slot# info would be quite sufficient. Thanks. / Prosim o pridani prehledne informace na kterou sim bylo volano, nebo poslana SMS (a opacnym smerem tez). Nejlepe kdyby to bylo konfigurovatelne (stacil by i operator, slot nebo jine udaje k odliseni simkaret). Diky. / Despite the DualSIM, it is working quite perfectly and I have no problems on several phones (ranging from old HTC with Android 2.3 singleSIM(not really used for calls) througs SGS and Sony, to 4.4 Kitkat Octacore 1.7G DualSIM models) - each device has its tag or folder in the mailbox (I didn't try restore as I never need it though).
It took a little longer to upload my texts but it baked them up right! Can upload custom conversations directly to your email.
whatsapp backup not working, kindly check the matter. Problem did not solved yet
Initial backup was slow (12.6k SMS) but surely enough my texts were backed up and resorted. Great work Dev!
Did exactly what I expected and more :)
I can search any old communication on gmail using this backup tool. Restore is not quick. Great for backup and search
I had to rate it now!! I've had the app for years but just now I realized I accidentally erased all my text messages.  And since I'm going back and forth to court over a battle with my child, I needed my proof.  Once I noticed my texts were gone, I quickly did a restore and they were all back on my phone.  I absolutely love this app. Good job!!!
I haven't used this in a while...I like to keep backups, but shoot, not a years worth of texts. It'd be cool If you could set how long to keep texts.
This app absolutely does what it sets out to do. I've never lost any txt msg. Since downloading the app in my original phone, a Samsung Nexus, I've upgraded twice w/o any issues or loss of msgz. I give it 2 thumbs up and say 'Keep up the great work'!
Have used it for a couple of years and five stars for that. Upgraded to 5.0.2 and the sync no longer run automatically? Manual sync runs fine.
Works seamlessly, to backup all sms's. You only notice it when you need to review or restore messages. Its a super app.
How to delete backup sms from cloud ?
The app works flawlessly but i wish there was a way out to backup whatsapp messages now.
Awesome
Does not backup WhatsApp.
It automatically sends my texts and call log to my email. I installed the app because I got a new phone and was able to restore all my texts & call log to my new phone.
One should download this if they don't want to loose their important messages
5stars
Mai isay daikh kr hairan hun k .... waoooo mtlb waoooo
Wouldn't back up
Great job
I tried too many apps for messages back up .. and when i found this app i was surprised .. it helped me alot.
Love this app for storing all my texts, by lately have had problems with it not backing up some of the messages with pics.
I liked this app much... It works like it says....
GREAT!!! Backed up all 7200 text messages to my Google account!
I installed it so I could install a factory image of Android but later discovered I can use Gmail's spiffy search features on my texts now. Which is weirdly useful.
Worked perfectly before but got a new phone with 4.4 and they will not restore.  It looks like they are but they disappear.  Quite annoying.  Need a fix soon.
LG back
An app I can not live without
Works great. Forgot that it was backing up things to my Gmail, which is pretty neat. It won't backup WhatsApp for some reason, though. I'd donate to this guy if I could get the button to work.
Does exactly as described, comes in very handy as call history viewer as all calls are logged into the calendar as well.
Awesome app does what its supposed to do!!
Works perfectly fine for text messages.  Was able to backup from S4 and restore it on my new phone oneplus.  Haven't tried the scheduled backup options but this app definately served my purpose....thanks team
It backs up everything,I see it in my account.  When I restore, it only restores the texts I sent, not received...
No support for 4.4
This app would be perfect... If it actually restored BOTH sides of the conversation.  I got 22,000 messages back - which is awesome - but I can only see what I wrote - not the other person - kind of defeats the purpose.
I can restore all sms, some sms are on my GMAIL but, it doesn't work
Saves your SMS as backup on your email
Using it for few years now back up and restore are reliable
Works great, but could provide an option to delete the backup when deleting the messages in the phone.
GOOD BACKUP APP
I've  had this app for well over 4 years, and its NEVER failed to do its job. With every update it has kept working just the way it did before the update, which I like. I wish this developer could make a stock android app with the same functionality, so everyone who uses android to experience this.
The app works fine, but I only just realised the ability to restore MMS is not yet available, though I assume dev team is working on that. I'll change my review when that's no longer a problem.
apperts beautiful for me when I was switching from one phone to another, and it's beautiful if you read the instructions then you can actually set it to backup in designated intervals so you don't have to wait to wait a long time for backup. except mine too. Once every hour and basically I left the app run you have to go in and configure the app with your email server just read the directions and you will be golden
I've had this app on every android phone I've ever had. Very useful. Incredibly reliable. Essential.
I used the app earlier and it worked wonderfully. Infact i recommended to a lot of people as a must-have app. Now it doesn't work at all. it does not backup automatically even though the option is checked and settings have been done accordingly. When pushed for a manual backup, it takes forever to "calculate" and more often than not, it hangs mid-way and stays stuck for hours. I need to manually stop the service then. Sometimes it will hang mid-backup and stay that way for hours. "backing up 8/20" for hours. I'm very disappointed that such a great app is now not able to deliver the basics. And just to clarify, my sms are on phone memory and not on the SD card. I will have to search for alternates now i guess.
100on10
I have. used this app since it came out on Market (now Play). It works perfectly to back up all my calls & texts. It doesn't drain the phone battery like many of the other backup apps. I have & use this app on all my androids.
Good
Best app ever used
Doesn't work on Kitkat. Does log in, restores but no sms app sees the messages. Hopefully the dev will fix this asap. Otherwise this app has always been my go-to sms backup and restore solution.
Nice app !
I disliked it because its crap y does it not back up everything
Allthough Whatsapp is selected for backup, it stays on 'never backed up'. And initializing a backup says; there is nothing to backup. The backup status time of sms and call log is also far of the current time.
This app conveniently backs up SMS, Call logs & MMS to your Gmail account and restoring them is a simple process. You can specify the auto backup frequency and the label of the items backed up. Both functions of the app (backup and restore) worked without a glitch (backed up and restored over 3,500 SMS), making SMSBackup+ a must have for those who would like to keep a copy of their SMS etc. Great work, dev!
does not backup anymore.  please fix asap
At some point during what seems like dozens of updates over the last few months, scheduled automatic backups simply stopped. Yes, I have the app correctly installed and configured. When I tell it to backup by tapping the Backup button it works correctly, but if I trust it to work automatically as programmed I find a load of texts and calls unsaved and a log which confirms that no backups occurred for days. Fix this, guys.
Waste of time lost all my SMS get stuck on calculating and no message  restore for 1 hour nowv
Does what it says seamlessly.
the app only backs up outgoing messages.  This is great and all but pretty useless if you need the received messages in order to make the sent messages make an ounce of sense... dont download this crappy app
I put this on EVERY phone I have had and let my friends know to use it too. It's great!!!
I've never lost a message despite going through several different phones. Thank you so much!
Never lose a text again.
I spent over 2 days trying to get all my messages transfered over and it never worked. The backup process is long (I had 23k+ messages to backup/restore) but well worth the results. This will be the first program I go to whenever I need a backup again. Thank you... (I will donate soon too!)
Love diz app..
This is useful to me
Useful app.
Doesn't back up whatsapp msgs.
DOES NOT backup whatsapp messages and not all from regular sms app too...
Every time it tries to backup the app displays an error message that says it's not working... Used to work.. WHAT HAPPENED? I'm forced to find another app
I love backing up my texts! It's easy to use and works great. Had this app on several phones
Good
Love this, keeps all my SMS safe even when I change mobile handsets. Delete ur SMS from device and find them on ur gmail.
One of the must have app
Doesn't back up or restore any text messages or whatsapp messages. Keeps giving Me an error triangle at the top multiple times a day. Uninstalling this soon. Maybe there is something else out there that is more compatible with the 2013 HTC one.
Have used this to back up over 6000+ SMS from my device to my Gmail account, worked flawlessly. If anyone is interested, it only used less than 30MB of data traffic to back up this many messages.
Did work great now won't back up anything. Please fix
this is the excellent application to backup and restore sms and call log from mail. thanks for the developer....
But after this last update it stopped automatically backing up everything. I've tried moving around options but nothin seems to fix it, please bring back the automatic backup.
I seriously loved this app very much and it would be very much helpful if this will support to take contacts as backup to Gmail.   I have not tried restoring it back to my phone, but hopefully it will work well.
Took forever to back up and then to restore and didn't transfer all texts.  I think maybe there is a limit or something as it did just under 10,000 so my last 3 months of texts (the ones I was most interested in transferring across) didn't get transferred.  Ended up deleting all transferred texts (took even more time!).  As other people have said, may work better if don't have too many texts to transfer.
This app finally makes text messaging as useful as emails in that I am able to keep a record of everything! Packrats unite!
My phone has low memory but I didn't want to delete all of my texts. This app made it so everything would be backed up on my email. I've been using this for over a year and haven't had any issues.
It goes idle frequently and I have to manually backup.wish it wouldn't go into idle mode
Helpful, thank you! It takes too much time to back up, plz speed up.
Why people are rating it so low? Probably because they're entitled silver spoon fed millenialists that think everything should be perfect for them always. Jeez give the developer some more credit where it's due. The app saved your messages and for some that is really important if your messages got deleted. I've been using this app for 2 years and I have never had a problem with it and it is hardly an issue that the texts are recovered backwards or whatever. Bunch of unsatisfied critics!
I backed up about 8000 texts from two phones (one 2012 model, one 2014; both android).  As the software was working, I was really worried that it wasn't getting the photos, etc. (all the media files attached to messages).  As I watched the message count go up in Gmail, there were no attachments on any of the messages.  THE ATTACHMENTS WERE THERE WHEN THE PROCESS COMPLETED!  I was SOOO GLAD and it was a nice surprise that the software actually did the job it advertised to do.  Let the process complete and check through your messages.  The layout in Gmail is not exactly intuitive (it bunches messages in 100 message blocks), and it's sometimes hard to find just photos if there wasn't text to associate with them for a keyword search.  I'm still not sure I'm ready to nuke my phone memory and rely strictly on the backup (I fear that some great, important picture might be missing) . . . but I am very reassured now that the backup is done.  Plus, I can wipe my old phone and give it to my kiddo.
But implementation still leaves to be desired... The restore is not ready for MMS, so that defeats the purpose of the backup. Also, restore puts your SMS back in the reverse order. What's up with that? It's convoluted and definitely not ready to be used as a backup. Two stars because it saved my messages in the gmail but that's just about the highest rating this app will get until it's up to par. Otherwise, even one star would be too much
Best backup for my sms mms calls
How can I fix this??????
This is the best application
I've been waiting for ages for this application to support android 4.4+! Thankfully the dev updated it! It's simply the best app to backup messages and call logs.
All data sms and mms backup on gmail but whatsapp data did not back up . any solution
Good one
I don't really restore my sms. I just like to have them saved on my Gmail. So this works perfect for me.
This was a great app and does exactly what the description say.  Very easy to use.
Allows me to retain copies of all my text messages
doesn't back up what's app.
Great App for backing up all your calls & Text to go back if someone says they called or text you can show if they did or not. Great app to have. Highly recommended!
I used this app to back up my texts in order to restore them to my new phone. First of all, the full backup took almost 2 hours. Then when I tried to restore them to my new phone, only about half of them showed up. I tried several times, same result. Finally I have up and used Helium instead, and it worked the first time, was much quicker (20 minutes to back up) and restored everything. So, if you have only a few texts, this will work fine. But if you have a lot, use Helium.
Would be perfect if it could back up Facebook messenger as well
I can't backup my WhatsApp massages, plz fix it or show me the way to get it back
This is the best cal log and SMS backup and restore app ever. To backup What'sApp conversations, you need another app called What'sApp Tri-Crypt.
I've swapped phones at least 4 times in the past two years. This has saved some of those conversations/mms you hate to lose when you get a new phone. Plus, it makes your messages searchable through gmail- has helped me many times recall important info.
I lost all my messages after I updated to a newer phone (LG3). It just keeps saying for minutes that it's restoring. But It never does it. I tried to reinstall the app with the same result. I emailed about the problem but it hasn't been fixed for months. But I'll be happy to change my rating to 5 if it gets fixed
No MMS restore yet, kinda the only thing I need...
Backs up all my past sms since 2010 without fail.
Great app easy
5 stars for helpful bug fixing customer service. 4.5 stars for functionality and satisfactory speed. 5 stars for design.  No gimmicks or annoying ads. Performs exactly what it claims to do (and nothing it doesn't...still waiting for MMS Restore ability). Initial backup takes some time, but subsequent backups are much more efficient than other backup apps that save entire phone contents as one zip file (e.g. Android Easy Backup). This eliminates redundancy (and duplicate messages) as you periodically delete messages on your phone.  ***BUGS: If you experience a technical problem/error, please DO NOT hold 'stars' for ransom and threaten a low rating. The developer cannot fix the problem without certain information. Instead, report the bug on GitHub and follow instructions. Jan will personally work with you to resolve the issue and release a new Beta version if necessary. I've used this app for backup for half a year and only experienced a bug once. Jan was able to fix the problem in 2 days (even working over Christmas!). Thank you, Jan Berkel!
Flawless
Very useful
I've had this app thru several phones, never a problem! Ever. Love that it backs texts and phone logs to my Gmail. Def recommended to anyone looking for a backup app!
Great for backup and restore
Now even backs up MMS pictures!
I've used this for a good few years now so it's well tested. Came in handy on more than one occasion.
I have a bad memory and this app hasn't let me down yet. And I don't have to pulg up my phone's memory to keep information I want or may need later. Wish their was a PDF on how to set up and use all the features that would complete it for me...
Syncing text messages to gmail combines Google's powerful search and cross-platform accessibility. Lightweight and silent; never even know it is running!
This is the best SMS & Call Log backup apps I have come across so far. The integration with calendar is amazing.  Keep up the great work!  WhatsApp backup doesn't work anymore. Also on my OPO Calendar Sync of Calls option is greyed out
Was looking for this feature for long. Works like a charm !!!
perfect for getting your sms calls and whatsapp to gmail
This app help me so good time I m changing my phone than I want to save my msg some where than I found it :)
Good
I like it
I've used this app for several years and it's never failed. Definitely a must have!
Backing up texts to GMail means they become searchable like emails - fantastic.
I will give 5star if whats up also backup on gmail
Sip
I destroyed my Note 2 and now I have an S5 and I was looking for texts from old female acquaintances and viola!... SMS backup had them!!!
First I'm putting a one star just to get someone's attention. I used to love this program and it does everything it says up until now. I just got a brand new Galaxy s5 and it will not transfer anything from my s3. It only creates a header it doesn't actually move the text. I did read this might be a kit kat problem so I'm hoping the developers fix this. You have a great program and it is always served me well (with the exception of moving MMS is back on to the phone)
Great app for all gmail user's...
Works like a charm on Lollipop, worked well on all earlier android versions to.
Glad Kit Kat+ restore is finally here! Only thing missing now is restore MMS.
I love this app!  I've had it for over three years now and it's the first app I download when I get a new phone. It has helped me in so many ways. Everything from recovering lost phone numbers, passwords, pictures, etc. Once you have used it you'll be hooked.   :)
Wonderful app,  this has been on all my phones since the nexus S!  I would happily pay for it.
There are a few apps out there. Jan's shines. It does one thing and does that one thing really well ! Try it !  And set up a donation means for goodness sakes.. I wanna say thanks to you :)  Glenn, SG
Best sms, call log backup app. U can see all backup in your Gmail. Great app mate. 5 star for me
;)
What to ask more..? Thanks for sharing your work with us.
Quick simple reliable way to backup restore export import SMS & call log. Unintrusive set and forget software. This is how it should be done! Good job. High marks and recommendations.
A really good way to backup sms without having to use a third party cloud service
Sadly, WhatsApp message backups are no longer supported, which limits the usefulness of this app drastically.
Should be part of the Android sync....Google are you listening.
Have used it for an year now. Backsup SMS in gmail account. Would have rated it as 5 star, if it had worked similarly  for whatsapp too
Just had to use a backup that had been produced from 3 different phones.  Flawless restore.  Am glad WhatsApp support no included as WhatsApp can already do that and feature creep is bad.
Does the job What is being claimed by the developers. But What's app msg are not backed up. Hence my rating is 4 starts else very well eligible for 5
I don't see restored message anywhere. Where does it restore and how to show them in my SMS app?
Very good
Should be updated eternally!!
It's a must have. Nothing better then having what's been said in writing. It's helped me a few times
Force closes as soon as i press the backup button
Jan Berkel, u deserv some donation and i hope people who apreciate this app will do. I like ur product and with this update restore, work on my note 4. Last time i check on note 4, s4 and s5 (4.4.2 and up) was in december and didn`t work. Now have some bugg i belive, didn`t restor clean(my old sms) , put some some "=" in my msg.
Very nice helps to keep track off calls and sms in gmail. Also helps to keep numbers of people. With a small trick can be used for invoicing of your client on the time used to call and support.
Great job guys
Much needed
Another update! If I correctly remember, this was my very first app from the playstore. Downloaded more than two years ago. After that I forgot all about it. Until the update few weeks back.
Thank you for the update.
Only one thing.....need to have a setting to automatically delete messages from phone that have already been backed up. Allow you to choose time period for keeping backed up messages on the phone. Example settings options: erase messages from device after backup (yes/no). Keep the last 7 days, 14 days, 21 days, 1 month on device after backup
Still has legacy gingerbread menu button
One of the best apps, should be a part of the system.
Have used this through the different types of phones,  LOVE IT
Never have to think about it and works great. Thanks.
Update 7th Jan 2015. (it did say "bug fixes"  and still no WhatsApp support/ backup.  Forums suggest that due to WhatsApp changing location of backup files.  Had hoped thus update would fix it.  Downgrading to 2 as it does sms perfect but fixes not correcting this..  Really want WA support please !!
There was time when watsapp could be backed up successfully ... But why not now ..otherwise it has been good app.
Nice app but app look like dos make it GUI type overall great app for backup and proofing evidence and etc just allow whatapp messages backup ...
It stops backing up certain messages I receive. Some will back up most won't. I've sent emails about the issue, only to never get a response or notice that the issues were being worked out. The app would be perfect if it work continually.
Super-useful app
Thanks for app its very important app
One would have imagined that SMS and call logs backup into cloud would be inbuilt in android but nevertheless this app completes the phone backup into cloud. I have used this couple of times already when moving phones and this has worked perfectly.
Only restores sent texts, not the ones I received. I am using droid turbo.
I tried to use KIES to get all my data to my new phone, but it failed to copy my text messages and call logs. Luckily i had been backing everything up with SMS Backup.  I was able to recover all my texts (still couldn't get phone logs or I would have given 5 stars). Thank you!
I work in mobile sales and I use this and educate customer's to use this to backup messages. I love that it puts an SMS folder in my gmail!
I've used this for a number of years and it's never failed.  Messages show up in Gmail without trouble and phone. Also stop the phone getting full of really old messages.
At first it was only backing up my sent messages in my gmail, not my received. I emailed the contact person and never got a response but later, I checked back and it seemed the received messages were being backed up, too, so I deleted my messages from my phone. Just went back to find a message last night, and any received message prior to a month ago (about the time I sent the email), is not there.  Without this bug, I would have given it 5 stars. But part of the job = part of the rating.
Who is see
first back up went fine...but now i have messages on my phone and app says there are no messages to be backed up. what the crap...fix that annoyance and it will get 5 stars.
Very disappointed with this app, was only able to restore my side of the SMS threads.
Best App For Storing the BEST memories to The Gmail..  
Useful.
The best!
I am using this app from last 2 years working very nice till date. As advertised backup the sms and call logs to gmail. Which means you have your sms & call logs backup forever. I am used to format and reset phone and this app helps a lot to restore SMS after that.
Very handy,  installed and then hid the app.   Leaving it just to do its job.
It hasn't been backing up my messages since 12/22/14. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling but nothing happens. The app keeps popping up an error telling me that "process com.zegoggles.smssync" has stopped working and I have to force close it.
Great app :)
After rest phone when this app reinstall it can't restore msgs back. So kindly slove this issue
Sms and call auto backup is not working for redmi 1s even if its selected
What is so hard about letting a person select a text thread and pasting it into an email message?  This is another app that wants permission to manage your entire email account
Great...love it
For backup and restore.
Works as described and is a life saver when modifying your system
I can't connect to my gmail account.
Love it.
Manuel update work perfect
Just what I needed.
Used it my og droid and now, Bionic. A special place in my heart. Edit: I now have this on my Galaxy S4. Still works perfectly . great job on development.
5 star always
I sign in, Grant Access, and am greeted with a message telling me I don't have permission to open this page. What a piece of junk. Back to 'SMS Backup' by Christoph Studer for me!
I've always liked this app and I like it even more that you guys included the restore support for KitKat and Lollipop! Simply love it!
Excellent effort, worked flawlessly.
Last 3 versions quit automatically backing up. Both on the Samsung Galaxy S3 and the Oneplus 64 gig phone. Filed bug report, no action has been taken..   Be careful. Never assume anything gets backed up automatically
The only messages being backed up since updating two days ago are my outgoing messages. This app is completely frustrating now.
nice app! but recently, it does not work by the error msg "cannot connect to host" even VPN is connented. pls check, thanks
Went through 3 phones in the past 2 years, and this was able to get all my texts back for memory's sake. Good work.
No need to worry about the Deleted things.
This should be integrated with the OS
Happy bunny :)
I have been using this app for years. Works great and integrates perfectly with Gmail. Thanks!
love this app, great way to save important sms and call log
Bummed that WhatsApp support is gone now though.
I loved the app... Now all my sms are securely backed up... Life is so easy and fearless...
Love it!
Works great after the update for the Nexus 6 T-Mobile on 5.0.1. Thanks for adding compatibility!
Sms Backup+ used to be great. It no longer backs up messages received it only backs up what is sent which is pointless if you need to back up a conversation.
New phone, still does was it should
Has not let me down in years. Thanks developer.  Get me your PayPal account details and I will get you a beer :)
Love this program. Have used for years. Helpful in business situations when I have to have records of some discussions. Would LOVE it if you could also design a version for Apple devices. Any plans in the works?
Great to have restore back thanks. Shouldn't Whatsapp be removed? It doesn't do anything.
This app has saved me so many times, it amazes me it isn't part of android core!
Does the job and does it well. I have a couple of years worth of backups that I can restore, or even search through with gmail if I need to.
Finally updated for kitkat and working great!
It backs up fine, but the messages are split in Google due to the limit on length in conversations, which isn't really your fault. But I tried restoring messages when I got a new phone and no message restored...it only shows the people whom I have messaged but nothing inside the actual threads :(
Love it works perfectly
Whatsapp msgs aren't synchronized....pls rectify
It works as expected. I keep getting an error message when it does a backup. The backup succeeds but I am removing a star for the annoying error.
There isn't an app better than this to backup SMS to your gmail. Have been using it for almost 2 years now. Not a single message missed :-)
No fluff, no waste, efficient, easy to use and no unnecessary bloat or battery drain.
Easy to use and powerful
Works perfectly.  Wish I had found it sooner.
This app is reliable and "just works". No crashes, no battery drain, no issues, flexible settings. Recommended as a long-term backup solution. I've been using it for several years.
I used this with my LG G2 mini and LG G3, and it synced well with gmail. Great app!
I've used this app for years and love it!
I have gone from the Samsung Charge to the Droid RAZR, Samsung Note 3 and now the Droid Turbo.  Still loving the app
Install on old phone, backup to gmail. Install on new phone and restore from gmail. Simplz.
Great app, finally with Lollipop support. Use it to backup sms to gmail.
Very useful tool for backing up your call logs + sms's and sync these things across your devices.
Good app
It is a great app and the only one on the market that backs up sms and whatsapp to your Gmail. Each version tho has few glitches. Whatsapp has not been supported for a long time. However tricrypt will help.
Highly recommend.
Practical, Useful.
The most useful app on my nexus 5.
Suprb. One of a kind.
I install it on every android device I have.
While restoring message we should be able to select whose message to restore n whose not.if made 5 star from me
Works great
Update 12/29/2014: Still the best. I have also used this product to speed up phones of friends, as they have too many txt msgs taking up space. Backs up all my text messages and call log so I don't have to worry about keeping them on the phone. I have a job where I am dispatched via text message so having a history backed up is wonderful! I recommend this to everyone.
Awesome functionality. Must have app to effortlessly back up your SMS and MMS, pics and all, to Gmail.
Been a long time user and it has been an indispensable app.
Awesome!
Back up and restore to another device soo easy
I've used this app since Android launched and won't use anything else.
Perfect!
Backs up just like it should. Only problem I've had is that it might split some MMS messages from their threads in Gmail
Skont att fa allt pa backup. Har fungerat sedan min forsta telefon och fortsatter att uppdateras.
Love saving my text messages to Gmail. I've recommended it to friends switching phones.
Using it since I started using Android referred to all.
One of the best feature rich app.
First app I install after getting a new phone or flashing a new ROM. Amazing app!! Has worked beautifully on Dinc, Thunderbolt, gNexus & Moto X.
This is great app for backup restore sms
Works like a charm
This keeps getting better all the time. Easy to set up, use, and search your text messages. Even better now that it's been upgraded for newer versions of Android. Thank you!
Best
good app
Thanks for your continued development.
Good app, but the latest update created a serious issue with the backup. It says could not connect despite excellent wifi connectivity with data.
Hi, it worked really good but now whatsapp backup is not working. Please fix that and i will give 5 stars
I like this app, but had to give it a bad rating because Whatsapp backups haven't been working for almost a year now and I use it for most of my texting. I don't want to root my phone and give another app access to my info just to make this app work. Please fix this compatibility issue. It's really taking too long!
Works add Promised
Excellent!  I back-up all SMS from old phone and restore on new one.  On KitKat 4.4.4 you have to temporarily change default SMS app to SMS Backup+,  and revert after restoring. Easy,  just follow instructions.
After last update I was able to restore all my messages for the previous several years! Works great!
I've had this app for quite a while but it quit properly restoring after the kit Kat update. I held out and finally Jan has fixed it thank you so much for putting your time into this issue!!! Great app!
Best back up app for texts. Been using this for a while now. I finally decided to donate to show my appreciation.
Backed up my SMS after work few tries but doesn't work with WhatsApp.
It is an excellent app which backups ur call log and sms. Now i do not care for my sms even the phone is formated.
got just empty headers (sender number) without any text
A few minor niggles, but fantastic app.
Very useful
Love it. So, now I'm trying to use it on whatsapp. But, it's not backing those messages up. Any suggestions?
Save everything :)
This aap is really bullshit.. couldn't restore all me call logs, sms, whatsapp msgs..
Works great with 4.4.4 but you need to enable access to write SMS in the phone (to restore)  1) Go into Settings>Privacy 2) Go into the first option Privacy Guard 3) Press the MENU button (or select the 3 square dots top right on the screen) and select Advanced 4) Scroll to the right twice so you get to the MESSAGING section 5) Scroll down until you find SMS Backup+ and then select it 6) Scroll down until you find the parameter Write SMS DB and you will see it is set to DENIED 7) Change it to ALLOWED
Hi thanks for this app my phone got really laggy and I needed to wipe it. Your back up and restore worked perfect connected to my Google account
Best app for backing up sms on your Gmail! I was actually looking for an app similar to this. Thank you to the developers! Keep it up! ;)
Very simple, effective app...simply does what it says..using it for last 2 years..
it works pretty well.. does what it says about saving the messages. but! it only saved the messages received. Why not the ones I sent as well? I have over 13,200 messages I want to be saved & it was going to. but like I said, it wasn't saving the messages I sent..
Jan Berkel
I change phones every other week. This app is a must for me. No bugs and no issues on any device yet.
Love it. Set and forget.
I love it
very much stable compare to other apps
Gets stuck in the connection phase
And you don't have to make some extra amount somewhere.
Backup to Gmail is okay.. but worst performance in restoring.. and no synchronization..
Vary use full appv
After using it this week I will be hitting that donate button on payday that is for sure. It's things like this I have no answer on how else to save them. Thanks for coming up with such a simple way of doing things literally 3 clicks and I was done. Great app! !!
But its speed is very slow in respect of "SMS backup restore " takes too much time to backup and restore.plz improve this bug
I love knowing I have a record of my texts. I can clear them off my phone and reclaim that space.
My SMS are not being sent can you help me in it
Very useful app
Used to flawlessly back up SMS, call logs and WhatsApp but WhatsApp back up no longer works.
I have it syncing every 24 hours, yet when I unlock my phone in the mornings, every morning I have the error that it could not connect and backup.  If I then manually select backup, it works fine.   Very annoying.  Also, when I go to "View Logs", a blank box with an OK button pops up and I am unable to troubleshoot anything.  I've had this app for quite a while now and never had these problems.  Please fix and I'll rate it back up to a 5.  Otherwise, manual backups every day are annoying.
Hated how when I flashed a new Rom that my text messages disappeared. Now they don't!
Being able to access SMS via Email is a dream.
This app is a workhorse, and has served me faithfully since a upgraded to a smart phone. Love it!
Great app
Clouds your texting. Banner used for multiple years over many phones. It had preformed each time I remembered to install it.
It works as it should. Much respect to Jan for keeping his word!
This is a great app. Does what it says. I've had to restore several times and this has worked flawlessly.
App is great, only would be nice to have a Viber backup aswell. Whatsapp is there but no Viber :-(
finally supports restore on kitkat, which is great! my only feature requests (other than perpetually non-working mms restore) are fixing restored times on Xperia devices, and additional restore quantities/time-frames, like on the other popular sms backup app.
Great App
This should be part of the base OS  but this app is so good there is no need.
I've been using this app for quite a while. I noticed my whatsapp hasn't been backup since March. I've check all setting an whatsapp is ticked. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling.  Any help?
Updated and now I get a blank screen on Note 3 4.4.2. Please fix.
Don't let the red m fool you I talked to Google and this sight has nothing to do with Google or gmail. I used this to back up all logs and nothing worked I've tried to restore several times. And developer has never responded to my email for help. Looks like it's a scam for your personal information
Works good on my Droid Maxx.
but auto backup not functioned properly.
Does exactly what I neec
Just got the update this morning and looks to be working again on my GS5. Back to 5 stars! This was a great app until you get KitKat now it doesn't work. I've emailed the developer but no response. I'm willing to donate to get this up and running on my S4 again.   Prior to KitKat 5 stars
Having sms backup to gmail v convenient
Best app EVER! !!
Keeps a copy of all dialogue. It records date, time and even missed calls. With gmail search tool to group particulars it's simply a FANTASTIC app. GET IT!
This is the first app I install every time I get a new phone or flash a new rom. Set it and forget it. No nags. I really should make a donation.
This is an awesome app which just gets better.. 2 step auth was always tricky with this app, so the update to fix that is welcome, but even before it was close to perfect. As a testament to the app I've been using it 3 years or so and only opened it about 4 times when I had to reinstall on new devices. It's a set and forget workhorse that just does what it says quietly and quickly. Brilliant. Thanks to the dev for an awesome app.
This app. already saved me twice. This is a perfect app. for people who buy a new phone, or for people who flash new ROMs often.
Would like to be able to select which sms to back up as dont need to back up everyones messages.
Thanks for your great app.
This app works great. Keeps a safe copy of SMS in your email and more.
my old messages from the old version of this app doesnt restored from my email's folder "SMS" Please fix because those are very, really and rarely important for me. those are more or less 2000 messages anyway. Please dont ignore this, thank you
Normally great, but this KitKat/lollipop update won't restore on S5 4.4.2 stock on sprint. Gets stuck 'calculating'. Thanks for all the great years using this app!
Always help me
Perfect
Great app
The best
As others mention, it's just on your phone doing its thing and you'd never notice it. But it's so useful when you move phone.. The way apps should be!
Pleased to see the recent update; seems to work well. Have been using this excellent app for years; glad to have restore working again! Thanks, Jan!
Stable backup and restore of SMS and call log to Gmail as advertised. I've had it for a couple of years without any problem.
When I had my Galaxy S3 Mini (ICS) my SMS was all backed up. Restore to Galaxy S5 reported successful but doesn't show...? Same vice-versa too.
Finally the biggest problem solved. Thank you for restore problem fixing on the new Android versions!
Works well. Sent over 6k SMS msgs on first backup.
Set and forget
Great work....
Have it for long time. Doing backup like a champ.
Does exactly what is says
Works perfectly. Helped me when I got a new phone. Restored my texts and call logs to exactly how they were before.
This is an app I like and have had for a while, but now I can only choose my linked Google account, what's up with that? I have a dedicated sms backup account that I can no longer use. A little help please?
I have all my SMSs and phone calls logged in my calendar from 2011. Have changed 2 phones since!
Solved biggest problem of taking backup and restoring them. Always feared of losing SMS and call logs while changing the phone.  Now it is not a problem anymore.  Thanks to SMS backup.!!!
Android 4.4.2
This a great app to get back call list and sms.
Great app!
Great app!
Does exactly what it's supposed to do for years at a time without even giving it a thought.
This app saves SMS messages in gmail with a tag. it's a really good idea and very helpful for searching and accessing historical texts on a PC.
I've used this app for so long I forget i have it. Used it for several years on several phones. I have every text message since 2010 when I first downloaded it. No problems ever!
Been using it for a long time, and have every text I've sent/received for several years. So simple and easy I forgot I had it on my phone.
Works perfectly.
Been using this for years. Works great!
Thanks Jan I am Using this App since long back and never faced any issue till date.
Great App!
Feature request: have option to restore only the most recent X amount or to only restore from the last Y time period. E.g. Only restore last 100 messages, or messages from the last 2 months. I have thousands backed up but don't need them all when I setup my new phone.
A bad application which cannot provide the backup for whatsapp which is given in the setting.
I wish I would of had this along time ago and saved every text from ex lol
USEFUL APP
Looks like it works but takes ages and uses up your data then you can't see the sms' just the contacts. sms backup & restore if far superior in that it works and uses either sd or cloud to transfer
Works perfectly...
Looked like it was working. Counted up all items from old phone (RAZR Maxx). Appeared to restore to new ph (S-5 w/4.4.4), but nothing restored.  Various attempts/ troubleshooting/tips tried but no luck.
Just left me with a load of blank message. Grrr
Officially restoring build - cool!
All txts, sms,  mms, calls logged to Gmail.
I love the app, but since I changed devices it stopped backing up my whatsapp, which was a fantastic functionality. I have read the FAQ, everything is alright. I've written twice to the developer, no reply. Too bad.
Download, setup, never worry again. A must have app for me.
I specifically downloaded this to back up whatsapp, the option is there and it can be selected...file name can be changed but it won't send to gmail... It doesn't create a folder in gmail for whatsapp but it well with Call Log and SMS..
You give them access to your Google account.
All my sms cannot be synced for some reason. It stays in my Gmail account.
Worked fine on old phone. But doesn't restore sms on new phone so have rated it low.
After I've restored my backup SMS., all of all contents are all gone. The only details that are showing are the contact who sent the message.
Good application
It placed my call log at that previous  place...but it not showing my messages.....please reply fast
ok
Loved this app with my galaxy nexus. Got an S5 and it no longer backs up received messages. I don't only need what I write backed up. Please fix!
Ok
need whatsapp chat backup
1300 SMS were backup successfully before formatting my mobile. On completion of factory reset of my mobile I tried to restore SMS data, it should be message of successful restore of 1300 SMS but  was not a single SMS restored. From Moto X 1st generation
Great App It does what it says
Now 4* cuz whats app  convos r excluded frm backup
Makes a wonderful backup of all in gmail
I have refreshed my Mobile then tried to restore my messages and call logs, the process of restoration has been completed successfully but nothing has heen restored...
Loved it
I lost calendar, contacts and messages! !!!
One of my most trusted apps!
best SMS backup tool in android
Its saved my mesgs and contact many time
Was working great. Suddenly stopped working 2 weeks ago saying to enable IMAP for my Gmail. Confirmed it was already enabled. Still not working.
Only saves what u send not the replies from others.
Did not work at all on my HTC One
Used this app to back up texts I wanted to keep. Tried to run it two days later to back up more texts and it keeps telling my to enable POP and IMAP. I double checked that they were enabled (which they weren't the first time I ran it) and still nothing.
Doesn't work anymore after Kit Kat
Had it set to backup automatically 3 minutes after every message, just checked it today and saw that it hadn't backed up anything for almost a month! I had deleted messages and now they're gone forever.
The app keeps popping up when I'm in other apps.  Very annoying.
After last update. Now i can backup my sms and whatsapp again.thx
Why not able to log in gmail in fact i hv enabled IMAP ????
Hi, after restoring the sms on the new phone (samsung note edge) they got restored but all of them are blank; what could be wrong in this case or this new device not supported? Thanks
Backups all your sms/whatsup and even call log to gmail and calendar. Viewing calls in calendar is very handy.
Item was great when backing up my text in time before switching phones but now can't restore in new phone they all restore the convos but once clicked on they delete and all have the last messages saying no subject as if I sent them a picture please fix so I can get my text messages back if not two star rating it will stay.
Usefull!
Hi, just noticed that it did not work on my nexus 6, however an other app managed to fix this by making itself the default sms app, This is a restriction since KK the app notifies me of, so this app will have to register itself as an sms app and we can enjoy it once again :)
when i restore old phone sms to new phone, will i lose any sms that are on the new device ive been using? not a lot on there yet so idc but curious
Upgraded to Galaxy Note 4. Lost everything. NOTHING transferred ...heartbreaking !!!
back of whatsapp is not working. Other then whatsapp it's working fine.
Sends texts to Gmail where all my conversations live, available for searching. Does everything I need and more.
This app was wonderful because it backed up and saved all text to gmail. I don't know what happened but it will not back up my text.
Cannot restore on android 4.4 messages dups.I have been using this awesome app for years on previous android versions and I loved it. Please fix, thanks
Dev seems to have ceased supporting the app. Still appears to be backing up to Gmail but cannot restore without modifying your system via root and the xposed module on latter builds of android. Has always lacked selective restore but it's claim to fame was it's ability to handle MMS. Definitely time to look elsewhere.
Constantly times out.
It did not restore the messages on to my note 3. avoid.
Haven't had any problem with this.
Not compatible in kitkat.
I have the Nexus 6. It didn't restore anything and I checked both messaging apps to make sure.
Does this App work with Samsung Galaxy S4 ... I have been installing and uninstalling since yesterday & it doesn't seen to work :-( Its worked perfect on my three previous phones ...
I'd give this 5 stars but it doesnt restore as promised. Running Cyanogenmod 11 on AOS 4.4.4. It goes through its deal, then all the msgs are there for a second then poof. Gone.
Now I will never loss SMS again
Status says idle. Hasn't backed up in months. Literally useless. Only works manually
Used it for years... Was great. Doesnt work on LG G3 phone. I installed LG's backup app on old phone and sent the data to the new G3... Works fine. Please update the app!
Doesnt work after 4.4 how can I restore
It only allows the user to back up everything or nothing at all. There is no way to back up a single specific thread. This means I'm backing up 10,000+ messages each time and the app can't handle this. It always fails. It does work, just not as desired.
This has worked for me in the past, I checked that all was backed up before I reset, spent a day waiting for messages to re-load, now I see it won't work for KitKat.   - Can it work eventually, or never? - Can another app retrieve my SMS from Gmail? - Why is it not restoring phone log either?  Loved this product until now, but because the change was not specified anywhere (should have received an email or text at least for something like this), I've lost all of this stuff.  If I'd known I would have found an alternative.  Not happy. :(
Running 4.4.4 It will go through restore completely, but none of the message show up. Very disappointed. Everything is correctly backed up though. App still needs work.
Cool
The restore is not working on Kitkat 4.4.4. There is a count going on the notifications, messages coming in from my default messaging app, but as soon as its done, the messages just disappears. Pleasw fix.
Very good app,I now have my sms text messages on another phone..;). But would love to to have auto restore too so it downloads sms texts messages too a phone that only has wifi only automatically..Works on 4.3 fine....  DO NOT WORK ON KITKAT...One star lost..sorry  Just updated to 4.4.2 and it restores but all the texts are empty (No subject) dam can the develpor of this app update it please...its a shame,I loved this app no have to use another app called.. SMS Backup and Restore..look for it..;D
Nice
Flawless, reliable & free
Great
it stopped backing up my text messages when I  need it most. During  court stuff. Wish I could figure out why hasn't really worked since November 21st.
Love
Have used it on different version of Android & it works fine. For KitKat & Lollipop users, just tick 'allow all' in the app ops messaging tab (in settings&gt;security) & it'll be compatible with the newer Android again
Simple, powerful, perfectly functional
So far its OK. It has backed up all my texts to my email but now I can't get them restored into the phone. All the phone #s show up in my texts...but no messages are attached...so it's like a bunch of drafts. This should really be fixed otherwise what's the point? I don't need all kinds of texts in my email.
It really does what it's meant for..  Only bad side is that it is slow if you have many messages like 2000+ , and then it willl take about 1s for 2messages...  But overall, best app of this kind!
It works great!
Whenever I try to back up it says IO   error. ? Can someone explain please? Also is it able to backup mssgs on other devices linked tobmy gmail?
I was having problems like others restoring my sms messages until I went into  1. Settings &gt; Privacy &gt; Privacy Protection &gt; Advanced &gt; Message &gt; SMS Backup+   2. Scroll to "Write" and select "Allow"  3.Redo the "Restore" in "SMS Backup+".   Works like a charm now.
I had the back up to gmail app before this that I purchased. It wouldn't work on either of my new phones that I got with android kit kat on them. This does. It is excellent and works as it should. It is very simple and easy to set up. It is also free. I think I should donate because I would pay money for this.
I have had an SMS folder since this app made it a few years back.
I needed this for legal reasons. It does exactly what I need it to do.
Not working on S4 kitkat
Kindly provide its latest version with more advance feature
Since switching to a new LG G3 the restore function does not work.
This app can not restore sms on Galaxy Note 3: only the no. Of sender is restored. There is no content.
Uploads your data to North Korea. Uninstall ASAP.
Been using this app for 5yrs and has not failed. Can always pull my information via Gmail.
Good
Has saved my bacon more than once!
I tried the app to transfer texts to a new phone (Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx HD to Samsung Galaxy S5). It backed up the old phone to gmail without issues but when I restored from gmail to the new phone the text messages did not import fully (no date or message body). I can still view the texts in gmail (SMS label) however.
Managed to backup to Gmail. Apparently. Only a quarter of my messages are in there. It won't restore messages back to my phone even though it says it has done.  Should have got a different app.
Tien.ich
Won't back up message body, only contact name & #. No messages. Note 3.
I have had this App for 2+ years. It's Free. All my incoming an out going called log history, messages & texts along with pictures & files attached have been forwarded to a SMS section in my Gmail account which has massive file storage  also for free. I can look back one whatever chat history I want. No lost pictures sent from friends. No battery drainage. It's a winner.
I needed this very much. I am satisfied. This app rocks...
I tried to restore all my stuff but it didn't work. It was fine in the past but unfortunately can't now. Like others have said this doesn't work with kitkat.
Yadav
Unable to connect when phone screen is off. Constant errors.  Updated, uninstalled and installed fresh.  Dev doesn't respond to email
Should've had this years ago. Must have utility!
Love it!
This app was working  very well in starting  stage but now back is showing  error  message  cannot backup  please  help
Its not restoring none of my texts . 
Apps
A must have for people who would like to store their call or message details in gmail. The best feature of this app is its seamless and free. Thank you for making such wonderful app.
Does the app suppprt the new google android lolipop?i don't wanna loose my sms and call log if i restore my phone to factory settings
Does not restore
Backup from nexus 4 (android 4.4.2) but not restoring in LG G2 (same android). Have to decrease the rating.
Very nice app
Ok
Spent an hour backing up about 7000 messages. Then I factory reset and hit restore. Did not restore anything.
This app works great! sends duplicates of all texts/sms to your gmail inbox and a call log as well! Used this to catch my husband cheating, more than once! Why in got the app and sadly it worked all too well. And If your looking for a backup just for your records, this app will do the job. So long as u schedule it to backup texts/sms to your gmail every 1 min, and call log gives u the option of every call, so no texts Or calls go unsent. However, u can always retrieve with the restore option as well.
Galaxy s4 running latest software. Downloaded, installed and backed up my sms. Reformatted my phone and tried to restore all my messages. All it saved was the contacts and no body to the sms.... Omg! I lost everything.... Thanks for nothing
Backs up to your email under sms tag. It's very useful in keeping records, and it has minimal battery usage. Excellent!
Note 3. Not restoring my backup sms.
Thanks developers for providing us such a valuable app :)
Rarely it might miss a text, but haven't had a problem for the most part for a year.  Now having issues saving texts.  Error reports: Galaxy Note 3 phone
Good app.
Worked perfectly, thanks.
Superb for SMS, but can't seem to get WhatsApp to backup at all - any ideas?
Does not restore text messages.  Galaxy Note 4.  It says that it restored, but no past messages show up on new phone.
data not restore on moto G kitkat 4.4
nice app
Lahve it! Saves  texts when I switch phones!
Well before formatting my phone, I just needed one thing backed up. SMS. And I downloaded this app assuming it has nice rating so it will work. But guess what, its not restoring a single SMS now. Last 3 days of unsuccessful trials. So disappointed. You just can't do this.
Very much needed
Thanks its much helpful to me to keep my data backed up and secured so that can be accesed if my phone is wiped .good app
Upgraded to Cyanagenmod with Kitkat and restore does not work in this instance. Worked every other time on previous versions though. Update: It does work with CM11 if you edit the "Send SMS/MMS" permission in the Privacy settings section.
Best app
If you are experiencing issues restoring your text messages when switching to 4.4.2 (Kit Kat) follow the simple and easy directions to join the Sms Backup+ community & become a tester. It worked for me and now I have all of my messages.  You are able to leave the community and/or stop being a tester immediately after .  Don't give a negative review for such a great product with excellent support.
One of the reasons of not moving to iPhone
Has worked silently and efficiently
Excuse
Does the job for me
Back up!
Didn't restore
Ovey
Excellent
Does nthng, very disappointed.. Trusted this app now its not restoring any message.. Every thng is now lost.
Did the backup on another phone then transferred it to my new one. None of my text messages were saved. All lost n not happy!
I changed the name for one of my contacts and this no longer backs up any of the messages they send me, it will only back up the things I send to them.  This app needs work, please fix it.
Been using this app to backup sms to my Gmail acct. I don't use the automatic backup feature so I don't know how that works, but I've never had issues with the app.
0 star. looked like it was restoring sa sms because it was counting the number of sms being restored. after it finishes counting, no sms was restored.
This app does not work .. do not use
Worked perfectly on Samsung Stratosphere but upgraded to S4 and now restored texts are blank on phone, sometimes backed up SAS appear in gmail. Looking for new app that works the way this one used to.
Can you fix it? Phone log is backed up and sms log is still in email, but all my text conversations are blank and say "no subject." I'm running kitkat 4.4.2 on Galaxy S3
Good app for backing up your texts.  Not a good app for restoring those texts back onto your device.  This has been an issue for me for quite a while.  I don't know that there is a fix in the works.
100%
I did a factory reset and then tried to retrieve SMS and call log. SMS was not retrieved on Nexus 5 android 5.0
Auto backup doesn't run. Manual backup says there is nothing to backup.
Call logs and sms are backed up automatically which can be retrieved later. Really a nice app
Does exactly what I need
I love this app it's amazing.
I use it manually not for auto backup.
The app does the upload great on my other kit kat phone. But on my new phone it doesn't insert the text messages, though in the app it looks like the import is successful. This probably has something to do with new permissions SMS apps have to request in Kit Kat.
Does exactly what it says it does for my  galaxy s3! But I'm upgrading to the kitkat version soon I just hope it works out unlike it did for other people!
Nicely saves sms to Google email, useful if you don't have your fone but need a number etc
Not working on kitkat
I just got a new Nexus 5 with Android Lollipop (5.0) and it could not restore any SMS, only call logs. It looked like it was restoring them but they did not appear in Hangouts.
Like she said
It used to work fine but now I'm trying to back everything up for the first time in a while and it'll work on it for a while only to give me an IO error.
The messages won't restore.
It does the job. Thanks
Title says it all. The app goes through all of the restore process, then nothing shows up on your phone after its done. Will rate 5\5 after this problem is fixed. UPDATE: I solved the problem, all you need to do is go into your security settings &gt; privacy guard &gt; hold down on SMS backup plus to see the security settings, then unlock SMS write. Proceed to the app to restore your contacts.
Used to work perfectly on everything. Now I get the numbers but not the messages
However since updating to Android 5 it no longer works.  SMS only show titles no message text, and nothing at all in Hangouts.
Doesn't work on 4.4
No updates since Dec 13 and messages do not restore properly on kitkat 4.4.4 Is this app going to be updated anymore or is it dead....?
Iv been noticing it since past week, the app crashes and doesn't take any backup. Request the in charge to fix the app soon.
This is what smart means... But I can't restore messages on my new phone with Kitkat...  Please make it compatible...
Was working great when I first installed but since march 2014 What's App will no longer back up.
Waited 15 minutes for it to finish but there's nothing new in my GMail. Instructions say something about IMAP but there's no mention of IMAP in GMail settings. App is designed to crash with screen timeout during backup. But there's no way to repeat the backup, and no log to view. I don't even know if the app would make readable emails from each sms, or just compressed garbage, if it did work in the first place. 100% rubbish. A total disappointment. I can't backup my sms messages anyhow. I'll lose them all.
Does not work for 5.0 lollipop.  Lost all my texts.. Absolute catastrophe
(21 Nov '14): For quite some months now, I've been wondering why my WhatsApp messages are not getting backed up. Can anyone explain or sort it out?
Once set up it is amazing. It allows me to search all of my SMS messages through my Gmail.
Fast time used
In advance setting it gives the option to back up everything even whatsapp msgs, but whatsapp  doesnt get backed up
Very useful
I installed this app to export SMS to GMail. Opening the app, I'm prompted with the possibility to log in to Gmail. Once logged in, all my attempts at saving SMS fail because the app can't reach gmail server.  I have made sure IMAP was enabled.  Absolutely pointless, I uninstalled.
Fails to restore anything on Android 5
This app doesn't work for the galaxy note 4
Transfered the header contact not the texts.
It does what it's say on xiaomi redmi 1s 4.3 stock ROM. But it won't restored on mokee rom 4.4.4. Can you fix it? Thanks 
Was very good and very useful but doesn't work anymore.
Nice one
I made  a backup for my SMS to my Gmail ... that was good (No problems)  but now i want to restore my SMS back to my phone ... when i make the restore it only restore an (Empy  SMS titled with No subject ) ?!!!!  something Wrong, please fix this and i will give 5 Stars
5 stars for backup 0 stars for restore 4.4.2 SG S4
I use this app to nail my crappy ex husband
I did a factory reset on my Moto G. After that was done, I tried restoring my SMS and call logs. The app showed restoring 2555 items . Everything was done successfully (it showed restored 1 item (2554 Dups)). When I check neither the SMS nor ma Call log history restored.
Backing up your SMS/call log works on the latest Android versions (4.4 & 5) whereas restoring does not. The app shows a progress bar when restoring but doesn't actually restore messages.
Does not work lost all my txt msg don't bother downloading this waste of time
Restore is not working for kitkat 4.4.4
App sucks beyond belief! I've been trying to get my messages back for two hours. Nothing. Do not trust this app!
I haven't used it for restoring or anything more complex than just backing up to Gmail, but I really like having that functionality. Doesn't appear to work if you have Hangouts set to manage your SMS (or at least if the Messaging app is disabled), which is a shame, but can be worked around.
After trying to restore, my messages don't appear on the new phone (lg g3), although they are visible on my gmail account.
It backups all WhatsApp, SMS, Call logs, etc. Very useful!
morrissette
Sorry, I am very dissatisfied with this application now. Before I really enjoyed it but lately its not working properly. I also tried to send email from the developers and did not hear anything from them.
That 1st backup is going to take a while if you're like me and you archive messages. Didn't have a very useable solution before and this app is just a major convenience. It backs up my SMS to Gmail. So as long as Gmail's around, I can get those messages back. Thank you for making this!
The app does what it says and is very easy to use. In order to restore when moving to KitKat or Lollipop, you need to enable Write SMS/MMS for this app using App Ops and turn it off for the default SMS app BEFORE restoring
Backup Google voice SMS,  only my chomp sms I use two different SMS apps on my phone one for business one for personal. It gives a choice to back up whatapp but not Google voice
I can't restore the message in android 4.4
Basically, for some reason, this app doesn't gain/use the write sms permission and therefore can't restore your SMS. To fix this, you'll need an app called 'app ops' (if 4.4 and up, since I believe it's a system option in 4-4.3, just google it for your Android version). NOTE: Your phone may need to be rooted for app ops. Then run app ops and grant 'write sms' permission to sms backup+. Then just restore and it will restore your sms.
Restore finishes, but does not show up in messaging but a brief moment and then nothing shows.
Its been fine for a while, but.now I seem to have.lost all my sms. Note3
AWESOME
Greatest way to catch people revising history is to settle the conflict with their own words.
This app used to work with older android versions. Not compatible with Kitkat. Unable to restore SMS from my gmail. Fixes are required.
Excellent app! Works perfectly & gives the essential "digital paper trail" often needed...."I didn't say that!" You can print texts thru email if needed. Backs up SMS, MMS, & Call Logs.  Suggestion to users: set up a dedicated email address to avoid clutter in your primary.
And I've got to say. I love it. This is my must have app for every phone I get. Having a back up of all my messages is freaking awesome man.
Last review based solely on this apps inability to RESTORE to client SMS app. Yes, it backs up nicely to Google mail - but how on earth does this app RESTORE that backup? Someone mentioned that with Kitkat Backups can only restore to host SMS Client. I'll reserve judgement until I've figured out the RESTORE.
Whatsup not backing up even though i select what's up option
Has anyone experienced this app somehow uninstalling itself during an os update on the phone itself?
I tried restoring sms on my Nexus 5 but cannot see restored messages in hangout... Not sure if restore is functionality is working.
I've lost addresses and info from deleted text messages, and this app was the only way I could retrieve that information.  Highly recommended
Hi evry thing is work fine but except what's app back up plz fix tht issues. I am using grand 2 .
Can't backup WhatsApp.... I can see the option but it never works...
This app always worked, but I just upgraded to kitkat and it tries to restore my sms but it fails.
Good app
Ammyzinh
Is my backup file???  WHERE is the log of the backup job??? Tapping on the log shows nothing.
Waoo
I've used this app with great success for the last few years, when moving from HTC Desire -> Samsung Galaxy S2 -> HTC One, but I'm now trying to move the texts to my new Sony Xperia Z3 Compact and, similar to other users below, the texts appear to be going into the text list but once complete, they are nowhere to be found.  Any advice please?
Very Good Work
Works great.  (Nexus4 - 4.4.2)
very like
Why does the app never backup my whatsapp? I have made sure that the whatsapp option in advanced setting is check-marked but the app still never backup whatsapp.
I love this backup app and I've used it for years across many phones, backup up from GNex the other night when I got an OPO, restoring on the OPO is not working, it says it has restored but they are not showing in Handcent, Messaging or Hangouts.
On Android 4.4, at least I have the backup but what's the point?
Not back uped
I can back up all of my message and able to automatically back up, thank you
Excellent App.  Unable to backup Whatsapp msgs. Otherwise working fine.
How did I manage without this?  Love it - first thing I download with every reset or new phone.  Saved phone numbers and appts texted to me.  When I've lost phones or lost data I have phone numbers and texts at my email account. VERY handy!
Been using this app for about 6 months. Love everything about it! It works as described and I have had no problems using it on my LG g2 phone.
Not letting me restore on android kitkat its pointless to have this app if I cant restore.
Kitkat. Doesn't restore sms from gmail. It shows that it's restoring but once it's done and you check your messages, there's nothing there
Great!
Don t restore.
ogolnie fajna aplikacja jednak nie robi backupu z WhatsApp - note 2, jesli to bedzie poprawione wtedy super
Backed up everything ok.   Went to restore after doing a factory reset. It shows it restored everything successfully.    However,  nothing was restored
Great tool for backing app all phone contact, whatsapp, SMS, call log Whatsapp is not backing up anymore. Would be great if this is going To be fixed!
One must have app .. But need one feature that is to back up only selected conversations..
Why do I keep getting these error messages saying unable to connect when it is connected? I never had these problems before. Please fix this. Thank you.
Such a great idea, being able to back up sms to gmail. Allows you to keep a searchable record of all txts. Invaluable!
xxxxss
awesome app. But am not able to backup my watsapp messages to my gmail account. Please fix this.
This app is wonderful- it does precisely what it says it does. Unfortunately, it backs your SMS up in reverse order. Furthermore, it backs it up as a different file for each day. Change these, and this would easily be a 5 star app.
Fantastic app, works really well. It used to work with WhatsApp messages as well out of the box, but now you need to use another app called "Whatsapp Crypt-DB Converter", which in turns works only on rooted devices.
This is an excellent app!  All my text messages and call logs are backed up to my Gmail account without any extra work.
We've been looking for an app that would not only save our texts but do it in an easy user friendly and legible format. This one did all of that! I have the entire conversations along with emotes and attachments! Thanks again. I will be sharing.
This app is a life saver !!! Highly recommend !!!
It backed all my messages but didnt restore them.. i lost all of them!
One of my most vital apps!
Been using this app for years. I'd rather store my text messages in Gmail than on the limited storage on my phone. I don't think I've ever tried to restore messages. If I need them, I look in Gmail.
App doesn't have permission to write SMS therefore it no longer restores. Please fix it. It worked perfectly before 4.4.4 update now it's useless.
Slow. Cant do it.
One of the most useful apps on my phone. It does what it does, and it does it well. Kudos!
Unable to restore SMS. Using Moto G (2nd Gen)
Team, i cannot backup WhatsApp log to gmail, but can sms and call log. I have emailed already thru a different account,  but still didn't get help. So, tried changing account, still no use...pls help.
Used this for years. Not a single problem. Love it!
As stated by multiple people, the app does NOT restore anything on devices running 4.4. I cannot believe the developer is ignoring this completely. I used this app for the past 3 years and now its totally useless.
I have the note 4 running 4.4.4 and it says its restoring but it doesnt i dont know why it would say that it also say imap setting must be enabled...when it already is i checked and it still wont let me get my sms messages ..im so upset with this app..
Does not restore SMS on kitkat
I tried backing up my files and get a message that there is nothing to backup. It's been 4 weeks where it has not been working. Even did an update. Please advise.
Sigh. Wish I'd read the reviews. But at least I didn't totally lose messages. Just no restore :-(
Used to work fine on my Galaxy S4, but not on the S5. When will this be fixed?
Still no back up possible since a few weeks.
Really good
Top
Cant restore backups...
Its why your phones always end up crashing and freezing. Its a computer.....you need to delete old junk memory from your phone in order for it to keep working well. This app backing up your sms to gmail's server is realistically all you need, stop being so irrationally sentimental. You are being ridiculous. Thats why google doesnt make it easier to backup in the 1st place.Enjoy replacing your phones for "software glitches" caused by you not having the intelligence to understand how to maintain your device.
Does its job with sms and mms but the whatapp doesn't work. How do I get it to back that up?
Awesome app
Backup worked great from my Droid Bionic with Jellybean.  Then the restore to my new Droid Turbo Kitkat *seems* to restore everything, and when I open up the text app I see the messages, but within 1/2 second they all disappear, and only the texts that I have written since I got the phone are left.  I hope this can be fixed, but don't hold out a lot of hope since this looks like it hasn't been updated in almost a year.
Samsung Galaxy s4. Was told this would save my texts that I needed for legal purposes when I had to factory set my phone. Nothing. Not very happy, because I really needed these.
Nice app
Jhansi
SMS backup didn't restore any of the texts it was supposed to be backing up. It did restore hundreds of phone numbers that were associated with texts written and received but not verbiage was included. There's obviously no one to contact for help for this application and the application is less than useless. It did save text log to gmail account but there's no way to restore from Gmail that I'm aware of.
one of the most useful app
Simply beautiful! Just what the doctor ordered.
Nice app
Backs up everything else, but doesn't backup whatsapp, for some reason. Note 3, kit Kat
I am looking for a way to transfer all the text messages from my old android to my new one. The only thing that I was able to transfer were a bunch of contacts.
Not dependable, takes a long time to back up since it does it online.  Also messages don't match up 100 percent.
The first time I tried to backup, I haf success - but with only 30 days of messages (sms). Now it just says 'calculating' and then shuts down. No backups, nothing. I have even deleted all mms in case there was an issue with those. What am I doing wrong?? This is a great IDEA. But completely unreliable.
Awesome App
I have the galaxy note 3 and the restore feature isn't working. It appears this is because of kitkat. I hope the developers will release a fix soon.
Great app,  restores sms and call log too. Plus everything stays on Gmail
This app used to work great but recently I needed to restore my sms and it did it's thing for 15 minutes then told me they all failed. Now I have 1000s of blank messages in my inbox.
Backed up to Gmail. Whiped phone and when I tried to restore only blank sms`s. Nothing worked and lost all sms`s. Make a double backup with something else
I've used this app for years. First app I install on a new phone.
This app can back up. All my sms are now on my Gmail, I can check them from my mailbox. However it cannot restore them back to my phone as expected. Press Restore a lot of time and wait until it says finish, the sms are still nowhere to be found in the phone. Feel like I made a huge mistake trusting this app.
Does NOT work on Galaxy S II.
Whatsapp backup used to work perfectly now it doesn't at all
No longer restores :(
The backup part still works okay, but restoring messages doesn't seem to do anything.
Worked perfectly for years through several phone upgrades and factory resets. Now its refusing to restore my messages. :-(
Because it doesn't work to automatically back up, I've got 5000 texts being backed up instead of every night doing like 200.... And I had to manually click backup even though i had it set to go every 24 hrs
New update is superb and thanks for Dev..  
Works well is sgs2 and sgs3 and does what it says. Migrated several phones and all smses and call logs are restored successfully. Great app!  Update - does not work well on the SGS4 native app (not hangout) - grouped smses are not available for some users (you see the name of the person without the smses after restoring.
Overskriften valgte jeg bare udfra hvad SwiftKey mente skulle skrives.  Glad for at sms backup+ gemmer bade sms og calls i Gmail
Restoring texts is tricky if your not rooted.  App is missing permission "write text"
This app is truly a life saver
SMS restore,having problem.only subject gets restored.
Where is the backup saved in Gmail??? Just spent ages trying to find folder to make sure backup worked with no joy. Someone pls help!!!
this app has been invaluable.
By mistake i hv deleted sms file  frm sd card.now i can't restore my sms from Gmail to mobile.any solution.all the sms comes as a blank.
After a factory reset, restoring sms result in "empty subject" for all messages and no content inside.
Very good
After finishing restoring all SMS - no meesage appear in the messages? Please reply to us all the recent reviews here talk about same issue
SMS Backup
All your SMS, call logs are backup to gmail. And can easily be restored. :)
Just bought the droid turbo and and the restore feature didn't work. It showed it was restoring everything and I could see the threads being created, but when the process was complete the restored messages disappeared. Also, I noticed that the messages were being restored in reverse order and this also happened on my last upgrade as well. Please fix so the app can be operating at it's full potential.
Waiting for phonebook backup option.
Excellent app, does what it promises (except on WhatsApp). The problem currently is that it does not backup WhatsApp, I suppose WhatsApp has done something again to cause this.
When are you going to fix the restore floor kit Kat version??????
Easy to use and stable
I trid to backup all my messages from my Note 2 to my Note 3, but it just restore the list messages, not the messages. It worked good when I backup my messages from S2 to my Note 2, but it do not work on my Note 3.
Love using it
It restored every sms and call log from my old phone..nice!!!
Very useful
Back up everything
Just got my new Droid Turbo with 4.4.4 installed, needs an update to be able to restore texts.
I have used this for a few years and it had always worked perfectly. But now following the restore process none of my saved messages show at all.
Works good for backup. Backsup all SMS to gmail.  Con: Can't restore
Was a good backup until 4.4.4 it will load all sms with the date u restore but all txt r blank.  Will up stars when that's fixed
This app does not work it backed up and restored all numbers I was texting but not the actual conversations
No good.
Nice app.
It was back up WhatsApp massanges but after last update it did not. Whats wrong with it ? Please provide Soluation ASAP. If works then 5/5.
This has been my favorite backup app which backs up both SMS and call log. But when I rooted my phone it stopped working. Developers pls work on it so that it can work even if it is rooted. Thanks
does still not work. Did not restore.
I kept this on my device.  But when I did a restore I got back a list of text contacts.  But no message content!
Backed up my SMS/text messages into Gmail. Great!   Tried to restore them, but they are not showing up on my phone
I like it  ;-)
When I tried to transfer over my texts from my s4 to my s5 by redownloading the Apollo on my s5 and using the same account, it showed the people who I texted but it didn't show the texts with each person. If this is fixed it is a FANTASTIC APP.
I rated it a 3 star because it doesn't support the kit Kat platform but it does save the data hope it gets fixed soon
Wonderful app
Backing up SMS flawlessly.....I guess some issue over taking backup of WhatsApp messages. Has not taken backup of WhatsApp messages since march this year. Please fix this bug/issue.
That's just a brilliant application! Thank you. Life saver. Took one start out because a design needs to be updated now.
But it doesn't restore the content. A little frustrating.
It won't restore message
Been using this app since I bought my first Android device and love it. Have recommended it several times. I have records of every SMS, MMS, and call over several years.
Cool app
Been using this app ever since I got my first Android phone... I never restore my text messages using this... just use it to have a copy on my gmail.... plain and simple.
Love this app. Been using it since October and it has done it's job. Very convenient to have all sms backed up to gmail.
This app cannot be set as default messaging app and no clue on how to restore. Though it is free of cost, it coated lot of time for me to search here and there for which I still have no solution.
Have been using the app for years and it's been working great for me. Recently tried to restore on a KitKat phone and had to opt in the beta for it to work. It's a Shame the fix for KitKat is still in beta since 4.4 has been out for a while now.
Not restoring SMS on KitKat
Would  have given five stars ...but whatsapp  backups  are not supported  in KitKat 4.3 and up....only two  stars....what a shame  for such an  awesome  app...
Could not live without it! I've downloaded this app on every phone I've owned.
Couldn't ask for better! Created labels in Gmail & backed up call logs, sms & whatsup! AWESOME!
This app used to be the bomb.... Until I did a factory reset, and now it says SMS wants access to your gmail account from now on... Omg Noway!!!!! Not happening, what the point of privacy of keeping my messages??? I am totally against this and I'm uninstalling, I'll find something better, nosey f'ers
Doesn't work on android KitKat 4.4.4
Backup not working from some time..
Works on my old galaxy W but recently change to new Sony Z3 compact, It shows restoring but after it done there're nothing in SMS inbox. Call log works though.
Everything works except WhatsApp backups.
The greatest app ever.
After so much reading abt this app on net, I v downloaded. However, not working saying 'unable to connect'. I v checked gmail account, uninstalled, installed. But of no use. Pl give solutions.
Soon as restore capabilities is fixed will rerate
Why it's not updating. Whatsapp backup is not working since March..when this issue will resolve???
While restoring SMS its showing 1 restored (159 dups )
Dear admin please solve this kit kat issue soon. We all love you.
When I am trying to restore the messages its restoring blank messages.
never gave any issue. worked, always
i am not able to backupmy wtsapp on my nexus 4 i am running kitkat
it really awesome
Only backs up outgoing messages, not incoming. Nothing I try fixes it. Grrrrrr
Used to save me a lot in a past, but after updating my phone to kitkat, app can't restore messages ((
Will there be any fix for this?
Can't restore from the backup on 4.4
One of first few apps that I install on a new phone. Must have app. Search sms and call log becomes much easier from gmail.
Simply.  Easy to use.
Saved me! works quickly and quietly
Update: Some of the messages that were sent were nearly a year old-before I bought this phone- so I know it's this app causing the issue! --------------- This is crazy! I turned my phone off to charge it. At midnight, I turned it back on. Upon powering up, I realized that somehow, at 10 ppl (or more) received old  texts from me. Some of these texts are over a year old. I have no idea why this happened!! I just did a backup and restore earlier in the day, and I suspect that may have caused this. Help!
The only times it hasn't backed up were times I made an error.. like downloading it and not syncing it to my email... other than that, it works fine. I've only once decided to restore my texts and that took too long and was dumb... I can reach them on my email if I need them. But I do have a question what is sync logs? Can anyone explain plz... ?
I have all my SMSes backed up to Gmail, which is most important, but I cannot restore them to my phone after a factory reset. Hope this will be fixed :-(
By trusting of this app i format my phone for some reason bt when i came to restore all that....."everythings gone". I mean it backed up my all msgs bt only da sender name or number not that matter which is in it....i tried in both android versions 4.0 & 4.4....completely sucks
Used this to back up texts from the ex wife regarding custody dispute.  I don't need what I said.  I need her words.
This is all what i need
Best way to keep backup and restore
Please please fix this app for KitKat...OMG I have been using for a long time with no issues now it wont restore!
Ok
Backs up just fine into my GMAIL but will NOT restore my messages.  THIS NEEDS TO BE FIXED to get 5 stars!!
The restore function on this has broken since upgrading to Kit Kit. I have managed to just get it working correctly but the phone needs to be rooted and App Ops needs to be installed (which needs root access). App Ops allows you to set write permission for SMS Backup+ (which it seems to be missing by default). Now when I hit restore I am getting all my SMS messages restored correctly. Unfortuantly if you dont have a rooted phone this wont work for you, lets hope the Dev can fix this so that rooting is not required.
Abandoned?   Was the best, but now can't restore SMS backups, and hasn't backed up whatsapp for 7 months.
I mean it works, but last night I went to double check a saved text conversation and bam!    Its gone?????????  Even if i mistakenly deleted the text it should have been archived in gmail trash folder for 30 days but nope.  Thank you very much...respectfully I couldnt have been screwed out of something more important than this!!!!!!!  SO dissapointed in these kind of glitches........please help!!!!
After wipe and update to 4.4, Sms are not restored correctly :-(
Simply the best and one of a kind backup application!! I absolutely love it! Very much recommended. ;)
Hi Team, i don't know why WhatsApp is not syncing. Can you check please. Thanks   hi team, waiting for response
Call logs restored but messages are not restored Very bad
Can't backup SMS in Hangouts when I try and backup I get an IO Error.
Backing up WhatsApp messages not working on a great program.  When will this issue be fixed?
Like many other reviewers here I was unable to restore my actual sms history to my phone. I have an S4. I hope this is fixed soon.
But SMS not work
Great app
Very very very good app....i love this app.............
I love this app
Kit kat not supported.
Could not restore the SMS's to Sony xperia Z2. Kindly fix the problem.
Super this is the best app so easy and so reliable
Not compatible with Android 4.4 Kitkat. It might be able to back things up,  but fails at actually restoring things. Completely useless to me
Hi love this
Copies all to a Gmail folder but restore does not work at all... Took ages to restore 8000 messages and then none of the threads had any messages in them at all.
I got fu***D up by this app. I reset my phone after did a backup here and when I restored, it shows restoring, but when I go back to message, no message is there.  Android version 4.4 what's this????  I got over 1600 Messages backed up with this app,  now it's empty 
I've now got a new phone. Whereas it was fine on my three year old phone, it no longer backs up the call log. It gives an error #8. Doesn't give any solutions though.
awesome works as expected
Works great
App is not restoring conversation of SMS only contacts.
How do you take what's App backup on sms backup+? ????
Life saver app. You gotta back it up, to get it back.
Does NOT work with galaxy s4! Very unhappy with the recent update that will not restore texts to my phone. Fix and I will 5 star again.
on android kitkat  restorig of sms doesnt work, call log restore is ok
This was above all the best backup app! But there hasn't been a update since 2013. When will there be one to work with Kit Kat?
Worked great until update to 4.2.2 Keep getting I/O error and cryptic message about IMAP settings in Gmail. HTC One SV
in the past: simple small app that works gr8, backups everything to gmail. no problems occurred so far in several deices and android versions.  these days: used to b a gr8 app, but now it stops working without any reason or acknowledgement. happened to me lots of times, even after re-installing the operating system, really disappointing. more of the same: now this app wants me to tap in order to sync, but this option is disabled... oh yeah, the app says i need to set my username and password, but where ???????????????????? don't they want someone to buy their paid app ?
I love that it backs up my call log right onto Google Calendar. I can visually keep track of how much I'm using my phone and don't have to look at a boring ol' list anymore!
Great concept but restore fails on my galaxy note 3 on kit kat
It's nice to have a back up of 17000 SMSs in my gmail, though I noticed that some of the threads were just my messages and others just recipients, especially for numbers that I no longer had saved as contacts. Also threads were capped at 100 messages, which may or may not be a good thing.   However due to various Android updates in the year since this app was last updated, one no longer has the option to restore messages (though the call log works fine).
Fantastic app!!! It is a must for me!!! Only problem for some reason it gives me error when I try to restore over WiFi at 3g works!
I deleted all my unnecessary messages and left in my phone only what I wanted to save but when I performed the backup, only the messages from the last 8 hours or so showed up on my Gmail. Not even the entire day.
Great app now I have a record of all my texts
love it
All of a sudden it doesn't automatically back up my text emails or call logs at all. And my settings are correct.  Please fix it!!!!
Perfect, I can delete things off my phone and it is automatically sent to my e mail. I can keep my phone storage happy.
Good app
On my old phone (LG 720E), said 1651 items backed up. 43 of them appeared in gmail. Said it restored 73 items on my new phone (Nexus 5 w/kitkat 4.4.4), but there's not a single one there.
Whatsapp backup not working in Xperia c and while restoring, call-log is not being restored..
You app backed up most of my sms messages...but will not restore anything. Tried twice. ...takes a helluva long time to do nothing at all. Thanks for nothing. Horrible.
very reliable backup and restore app
Too bad....
This app did backup of my sms but when I try to restore,  it never restore my sms back,
When I try to restore on my new Moto G 4G - kitkat 4.4.4, it works for phone calls but when I open the text messaging app there is like a flash where I can see the screen full of SMS and just after that only the SMS previously there on the new phone. It seems to me there are there though not visible, or there for a brief time...   Any clue ?
Its that which I really want and search for.
Cool to be able to browse sms messages from inside gmail
Does not restore in kit kat
Does exactly what it says. The app is stable, fast, low key and just works.
I backed up my sms's n reset my Moto g kitkat 4.4.4 When restoring it showed the count of sms restoring but finally nothing. Tried 2,3 times. Now i lost all my sms's. Dis-appointed.
The app has worked great for me for the last couple of months but 3 days ago I had to reset my phone and tried to restore my messages and nothing came back. I guess I'm a little frustrated because I have not seen any reply from the app developers concerning the fix for this.
Very useful And simple
Back upped my calls and messages
I can see the backup in Gmail but the restore is no good. Tried it on my GS4 and my Galaxy Alpha- neither worked.
Good so far
Keeps giving me an error every time it tries to backup. It backs up what everything except text received by others.
It seems I am still able to back my messages up to my gmail account, unfortunately, I'm not able to restore them to my device and I had to use another app. Will continue to use this since the backup still works, but I would like to see the restore option fixed
Very nice application
I used this to backup all my texts before doing a factory wipe. Went to restore everything after the wipe was done and it claims it restored everything but nothing shows up in my hangouts app.... lost all my texts.....
It didn't back up all of text msgs?  Some only a couple of weeks/ others several months?  Have run backup severall times and it doesn't pick them up?  Any help friends?
I'm using REDMI 1S mobile..previously i used LG Optimus Netdual P698 in which automatically sms and call log updated to my gmail.. But now i have to manually backup everything every time.... Fix this to work automatically...
Can someone explaing to me how it works.. and were can i go to see my backup txt 
I was selling my old phone and was panicking because there were loads of texts I wanted to keep but there were too many to get them all manually,so I installed this app, connected it to my Gmail, pressed backup and away it went! I had about 12000 texts to back up but it did them all very quickly! About 4000 an hour, with attachments.I logged onto gmail on my laptop and saw it made a separate inbox called SMS in which I could view all my texts like I would on my phone! I can restore them to my new phone too!
Just realized that my whatsapp hasn't been backing up since last year
Restore contact sms but message under contact doesnt show
It is not working on my moto g and I lost all of my sms.. Not only that, this app gets reinstalled automatically after I uninstalled this... Spam....
I have imap enabled. I habe plenty of storage. Im on wifi. It backs up 20 messages and then stops due an "I/o error". Try a different app.
This app is good for backing up your messages and call logs in your Gmail account. That's it. Doesn't restore them back to your phone. At least not in Kitkat.
I had to do a factory reset of my phone and I thought I was all set with being able to get my texts backed up.  But, it looks like it's not going to happen.  I can see that the texts are being restored *somewhere* on my phone because when I run the app, it takes forever to load them.  But, when I open up my texting app, the texts aren't there.  If I figure out what's going on and am able to fix it, I'll come back and change my review.
App is not taking backup of Whatsapp even I have selected Whatsapp in backup setting
I installed the app to back you my text messages.  When switching phones I uploaded the app, connected it the my Gmail account and BEHOLD the names of the people I received/sent messages to were there but THE ACTUAL MESSAGES WERE MISSING.  Perhaps I need to be more specific.
This was great for transferring phones but not wanting to lose all my messages
This is the first app I install on every phone I've ever had.
It's not backing up whatsapp. Please help. I selected the back up whatsapp option it's still saying whatsapp backed up never
This app is awesome i really love it.
When i checked on for gmail it shows my a/c but is not adding tht
Been using this for years now and it does a great job. A must have.               Update: No longer restores messages on 4.4.2
Very easy to use! I very much like it but I'm having problems in backing up WhatsApp messages.
This is the best sms backup software !
Grrrrreat
App is good, except for the fact that Whatsapp chat does not get backuped anymore. Tried sending emails to Jan Berkel but there has been no reply whatsoever from Jan.
Great app
Been using it for years but doesn't restore anymore on new Android version. It keeps counting and saying restoring and when it finishes nothing is there.  Tried on motog and HTC m8. Been using it for years to move my 17k messages from phone to phone, please fix it. UPDATE: been few months and no Fix yet.  Doesn't restore on new version of Android(4.4+). DOWN TO ONE STAR TILL AN UPDATE IS RELEASED
It used to work great but after the upgrade to 4.4.2 it won't restore any messages. ......please fix!
Been using program for over 3 years and it's been great!
I have been using this app for years. I recently upgraded to a new phone. when I went to restore the messages, the only thing I got was the phone number or name. There was no text in any of the messages. I have written the developer twice and receive no response. extremely disappointed in this app and the lack of support.
I lost all my txts b'cos I trusted  this app.
Awesome app but Takes too much time to back up and restore.
I really like the Gmail integration, but the initial backup process kept stopping upon locking the phone. Eventually failed with an IO error each time & had to be reinitiated.
Would give it 5 stars if i could restore my messages back on my phone.. im happy i can still view them but only in gmail
Originally when I downloaded this app it was saving entire text message conversations so I could go back and search for them in my gmail. Now for some reason that feature has been removed and it only saves the text messages that you send. I have emailed several times to see if there is a simple fix but have not received a response so....I'm switchin apps.
Its not backing up my whatsapp conversation can u please fix
previously I had this on an S2 running 4.2 and it worked perfectly (this phone was stollen). I now have a Nexus 5 with 4.4.2 and it will not restore any of my texts. I have enabled IMAP in GMail and this makes no difference. I have tried many different Text apps but this makes no difference. Please can this once great app be fixed? If you have 4.4.2 or later on your phone dont  install this as it will not restore your messages.
One of my favs
Thnx to the developers...easy to use...very helpfull for me..
This app just worked fine a few months ago, now when I try to restore my messages on my new phone, it doesn't work... just a bunch of empty threads. I just want my messages back!  :(
App is good but my whatsapp msgs r not getting backup.
Not working
I have tried to backup several times now and It keeps failing with an I/O error. Please fix!!!
Java trust error when trying to backup or restore on any 4.4 device
Before I restored my phone to factory settings I used both this app (SMS Backup+) and SMS Backup & Restore (the one with a blue icon with 2 arrows circling a clock).  After reset I first tried restoring my SMS with SMS Backup+.  It said it was restoring 5000+ messages even if when it backup up it said it backed up 2000+ messages.  What it did was restore my contacts as SMS messages.  Every message I opened was an empty conversation listed as one of my contacts.  I deleted everything and used SMS Backup & Restore instead and got all my SMS and MMS messages back.
Fantabulous!!
Did not restore anything all my messages came up blank
Does exactly what u want it to do.  No problems. Easy to use and intuitive.
Pls fix issue with Kitkat.. its restore empty sms
Using Moto G with Kitkat.  No probs with sms and call log backup but won't backup whtasapp.  Brilliant app otherwise
I tried to restore my sms and failed many times it restore empty sms
Good app. Works well backing up with my gmail account. It automatically creates a folder with the name SMS. Which I recommend that is not changed. All in all its a darn good app for automatic back up. Once I use the resore facility I shall give my comments.
Right after I installed it, it worked just fine. Now it no longer backs up incoming messages, only backing up messages that I send
Excellent tool!
Good app . this is use full.
Already in full donation mode,  and whatsapp never backup to my gmail. Please fix this issue. Will giving another 3stars if u fix it. ;)
Backup
I tried to move my text messages to my new phone. Out of 684 messages all I got was one blank message.
Does not restore my messages after backing up. Hope this gets fixed soon.
I'm using REDMI 1S mobile..previously i used Micromax A92 in which automatically sms and call log updated to my gmail.. But now i have to manually backup everything every time.... Fix this to work automatically...
For the past few months I have been using hangouts as my default SMS app. And it seems this app isn't compatible with that app.
Loved it. I don't think I will ever need these logs, but better safe than sorry.
Indispensable. The best of its peers
Backed up SMS from Samsung S2 to Gmail. But I have problems restoring to LG G2. Messages seem to be downloading but don't appear in the message app. Hangouts is disabled. Can anybody help with this?
Recomendo.
Untill last may it was working good,  backup off the whatsapp chats. Now its not working and jan berkel dont reply my email. To bad, ik really liked this option.
Looks like it restored but doesn't show contacts, just numbers. Then wen I click on the message the thread is empty. Gs4
So elegant and effective.
not backing up on i9505. Hope you'll fix it. Thanks
I have tried different apps for backup but this is the best one.
Useless!!!
ok
I don't have to worry about exporting a backup to my PC or having to download it from the cloud before I can look at it. The initial backup is pretty slow though; 7000+ messages took about an hour, even via WiFi on a 50Mb/s connection.  UPDATE: worked great on JellyBean, cannot restore old messages to new phone running KitKat. -2 stars for failure to evolve with the OS. At least I can still read old SMS & MMS in gmail.
Good
After some persistence had to try a similar product and had a local copy within 30 secs. Thumbs down.
It was able to backup sms and call logs on my samsung galaxy grand mobile amd restore....Thanks. ..love to give 5 stars if the App can backup and restore faster
This app worked great I used to back up my sms and it would restore it like they were never gone. Only recently I had to factory reset my phone and now the sms won't restore. Sigh, granted they are still in my email, but it would be nice to have them on my phone.  Please fix this problem!
Whilst this backed up all my text messages onto my GMail, after I had restored my HTC One phone to factory settings and started reinstalling everything, these SMSs would download, but I never found a way of actually seeing them. I can't recommend this app if, you know, you need it to do what it claims to do.
Luv it
Text and call logs does get backed up on gmail but sms doesn't restore. Lost some important text.
Been using this app for two years and absolutely love it. Back up works flawlessly, however after restoring 25,000 sms all I received were blanks in my inbox. Please, fix this issue ASAP for all KITKAT users. I really need my sms restored back on my phone. Thank you in advance!
I have tried to backup and restore my sms, but I've got just clear messages. Moreover, there is problem with dates, 'cause they restored with the current date and time.
It used to work like a charm, but as of sept 20, 2014, it hasnt been working...please fix!!!! I used to love this app...
Beyond admiration
Super, works like magic
What's app backup not working.
Works like described
didn't work since no.19 August, plz fix it, thanks!
Its always dood to have a hard copy
Easy sync OTA and easy access via gmail.... Haven't restored yet, only backed up sms and call-log...  seems excellent...   :)
Using on Galaxy Note 2, it backs up SMS, but not whatsapp.
it will perform backups which i've verified, but when restoring, the sms app displays restored entries with (no subject) in the message body and then it (the sms)  dissapears.   pretty annoying not being able to restore sms when you can see them in gmail saved and read them in their entirety. used for years and only recently this has happened :(
Set it and forget it.
Able to backup but failed to restore.
Hhhhhaaaaaaa
I have HTC One M8 and it doesn't restore SMS. It used to work well on my HTC One M7. I don't recommend this if you have HTC One M8.
Comes in handy.
I need it to stop at anything older than 2 months. I've been using this app for 2 years. I just need to to stop at 2 months old. Please add that function.
Perfect
Backups are done wonderfully but I cannot restore any message!!
Always worked wonderfully on gs3, see how it operates on experia
The app does back up my messages to my Gmail account, but whenever I do a restore to see my texts, all I see is the contact list but no texts.  Am using the Chomp SMS app on the Motorola Moto G with the updated Kitkat 4.4.4 OS.
Does exactly what it says! Never lose an SMS again, even if you lose your phone!
Very useful application for restoring data on to another device. But there seems to be some restriction or compatibility issue in mobile with Kit Kat
I tried to restore my text to my SD and it did work just waste of time. Please fix or it not compatible with the S5?
It backed everything up, the only thing to come through was the call log. The mms messages only the log itself came through none of the contents.
Saved my bacon on numerous occasions
Was I foolish in assuming, this would send me 1 email with 'x' number of messages zipped together? Instead I received over 80 emails, i.e. 1 for every SMS! Good job I delete texts regularly! I've been through all the settings and can't find anywhere to group back up texts. You have been warned. P. S. The emails have the heading off the sender of the message, so equally, it took a while to clean up my inbox. Needless to say, I'm now of to uninstall.
This previously worked great but I just upgraded my phone to the Galaxy S5 using KitKat and Restore SMS looks like it is restoring but once finished,  nothing is actually restored. Please fix.
This app does a lot of good things. I used to have it on all my phones. Too bad it doesn't backup the SMS and call log of before the install date anymore. And the app is not being further developed. I have to find another app now.
Settings - privacy - privacy guard - settings of privacy guard - advanced - slide to messaging - scroll to messaging - allow "write sms db". Restore again
Works great
I've been using this app on my phone for over 2 years and have loved it.  But I recently bought a new phone and when I tried to restore my messages, they all showed up without a subject and no messages (basically all I got wad the phone number I received the message from and nothing else). Please fix this and I'll rate 5 stars again :)
I tend to break phones often and have uses this app for years. Its always easy to simply download the app on new phone, log in and restore. The only thing I haven't been able to figure out is how to restore only what you want instead of all of the messages previously backed up.
Well good
Delightful app, doesn't get in your way, just does what you ask it to, and it does it well! So useful to me that I donated.
Well is better
Doesn't work on kit kat . same problem as described by others. Does not restore old messages once upgraded to kitkat
Doesnt backup received just sent...
Changed phones from a note 2 to note 3.  Program looked like it was restoring messages but it didn't.  Only restored names and no messages.
For those having trouble with KitKat restoring, search for the beta version. Click through to developer's website, and then G+ community. You can sign up for it there. Works great!
[Update]: After 2.5 years and a phone upgrade, I'm still using this app, and can still say the same praises. Very highly recommended! [Jan 2012]: You set it and forget about it, and it just "works" without a hitch. I love that it also backs up call history as well as sms. This is just the kind of advantage a smart phone should have over a feature phone. Brilliant!
Simple and very useful for backups records. A great app!
It backed up all my contacts which I didn't ask it to do.  When I restored on my new phone, all I got was blank messages
Nice app. Love it.
Useful one
Sometimes all calls are backed up three times and my calendar is full with calls.
I havent had to restore my sms since I got the phone 6 months ago. I did a factory reset and tried to restore but they are only in my messengers (gosms, vzmessages+, and messages)for a split second before they flash off the screen. I tried resetting those apps and even reinstalling them but no luck. Im using the NI2 update android 4.4.4. It did work for my call log but not successfully for my sms.  **UPDATE** I HADTO USE APP OPS TO ALLOW THE APP TO SEND SMS AND THEN IT WORKED**
Good app but unable to backed up WhatsApp msg.
Parfait sans pub
Good one. Very useful. Texts and calls syncs well with gmail.
Backed up SMS are not getting restored. DEV please look into it.. Lost all my messaged :( .. Uninstalling
Used to work great untill it stopped backing up whatsapp
Very fine to backup msgs in d inbox..
I this app. Thank you T-mobile rep.
Android v &gt;4.3 don't allow to write into SMS database. You must allow it with AppOps application! Then you can restore messages.
Awesome.
Sept 24 2014: Still no update. It's unfortunate given I even made a donation to support continued development of app. May 11 2014: No longer syncing with my Note 2 following the Kitkat update. This app needs an update to fix this.
It uploaded all my texts to gmail. So easy. I had 8000+ so it took a few hours but it works on WiFi too.
The sms aren't coming back. Only senders name have been restored and the contents are blank. Doesn't work on Android kitkat.
I would to give 4  star unfortunately its not working from may 14 I like this app because its helping lot thing. From may14 inwards its not backing up SMS whattsapp messages, every time I go there and the app is showing backup done. When I see my Gmail nothing is there. Hi team please look into this fix the same. Thank you for you support
Used this app for a few years and it worked great at one point. Now the app no longer restores my messages although it backs them up to my Gmail, however, backing them up is useless unless I can restore them. Says it did but nada...
Nice app
Works
The app has been backing up messages just fine, however it cannot restore them on 4.4
very reliable! Does the job!!!
It hasn't been able to back up since August 26th,  and it won't even work manually.  Failed me when I needed it most.
pleas, do U know why I can not backup whatsapp? Thx Phill
Used this app for years with no issues. Now all of a sudden, it does not backup incoming text messages, just my replies. Very frustrating.
Finally
Nice apps
Only shows contact name and then disappears... fix this...
it showed me that evrything had been backed up . But when I tried restore operation it just failed :-(
All my information is backup n restore.  Tq ^^
Transferring all text messages from one HTC to another worked seamlessly. No issues whatsoever.
Hi,  Hi My whatsapp messages arent getting backed up. Also i would need to know the format to mention Gmail Nested Label.
I lost my all the massages bad app
Good
like
5 star app
Does not back up nothing..workd great at first but not any more..
It works as described. Backs up message  and call log.
I tried to restore many times but it does not work. I do not see the messages in my phone text. Please fix this!
Why have you disabled whatsapp backup on the app? Its fruztrating
Was loving this app...but now it only backs up the messages I send, not what is being sent to me .... :( what happened??
I got a warranty replacement phone S4. The rep at Verizon told me to go home & download this app if i wanted to save my text messages. I downloaded it and it took literally HOURS to backup my info.  When I went to transfer the download app to my new phone My text messages were not there. It had every single contact person's name  in the text field but the message was blank. So this app took too long to do absolutely nothing!  I would not recommend this app to a friend.
I know this app backs up my texts perfectly, because I can seem them in my Gmail. Unfortunately, I never tried restoring my texts and call logs until now, and unfortunately it DOES NOT RESTORE. Perhaps this is a KitKat issue. What's strange is that when I first start the restore process, I can see the texts popping up in my messaging app, but halfway through they all disappear. The app continues to spit out numbers like it's restoring, but the end result is nothing being restored... at least nothing I can find.
It has seamless integration with Gmail. Definitely worth having especially if you need to keep track of your text messages and call logs
Use for years!!! How come it suddenly can not be backup since Sept 3, it keeps on calculating and the goes IO error. I am using Sony ultra. Please, have sent email to you but no reply.......
Exactly what I need!
I am thinking that when I reset my phone the app couldn't send to the "sms" file it had originally set up. I renamed the label in Gmail (to save all old sms ) and the program was able to then create the new label and back up.
All my SMS backup up to Gmail great but performed a factory reset and no I can see my messages in Gmail and can perform a reset app say all 5000 messages restored but nothing in hangouts pity would have given 5* if it had restored correctly because the backup side is great hopefully update soon to sort out this issue??
Works perfectly. Developer has never put ads, or any of the other annoying things some developers do. Has always made the app better and kept it simple and very easy to use. What more can be said?
Love the app..does exactly what it says without any hassle..!
Now i can make  back up
Two devices backed up. Nexus 5 and Galaxy S2. 7000+ SMS and MMS. Great app. Very smart.
Does not support latest android
I had downloaded it then backed up all my SMS then I unroot and formated my S3 and again downloaded it and restored all my SMS... its really working and I like it..
You couldn't ask for a more straightforward app but it no longer works on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
How do i use this app without losing my files? What does the restore part do to my files? Only gave 2 stars because i cant figure out if its completely safe to use.. I will change my rating if this app works right.
Good luck
Great app. working fine on my S4. Only problem it does not backup WhatsApp messages. Check and re-check all the settings but nothing. Do anyone else experience the same problem.  Does not backup WhatsApp mesages on Galaxy S5. Anyone else with the same problem? Is there a sulotion?
Everything is backing up except whatsapp.
Graet, easy  in backing up,  easy in restoring.
Performed a factory reset. Tried to restore the SMS it showed as if it is restoring the message but when complete none of the messages are restored. Pathetic. Please fix. Using Moto G  Version 4.4.4
Doesn't work, just headings left after restore.
Its very useful and simple to use
Just Want all my photo albums out of the cloud
Loved it!!!
Whatsapp ain't backing up any more. I think this happened after Whatsapp had an update.
Awesome.
unable to sync Whatsapp messages to gmail, Please fix it.
Earlier all WhatsApp messages wud also get backed up ..but now since March 2014 WhatsApp messages are not getting backed up.
Restore function not working on  some devices. Mine included.
Hey please fix it ! I can no longer restore my messages from my gmail !!
I noticed an issue on my sony z2. I can also confirm all settings are correct. The application will not backup any inbound calls that are from a private number if the call came from call waiting
Whatsapp messages stopped to store after 8 of March. Tried on different phone but it doesn't work too
It look like it restored all my text messages but when you going to text messages all I see is a whole bunch of my contacts no previous messages
Does what it says and got me out of a jam more than once. thank you
Musim puvodni skvele hodnoceni prepsat. Na novejsich androidech nefunguje obnovena. Kdyz pouzivate hangouts pro sms. Od te doby zadna aktualizace. Autor si asi i uz s problemem nevi rady. Skoda.
Working very fine......
This is a great great app.. Been using it for years.   Saves all your texts, in case you need them.  Saves them to your Google SMS folder.  Keep it up with the updates, etc.
Claimed to have backed up, but when I tried a restore after resetting my p, nothing happened. No messages reappeared. Very dangerous!
i am going to switch to iOS, is there an iso version of this wonderful app? i have been looking, but no luck.
Backing up is amazing. But restore  cost me all of my new mms and sms.
Really Useful.
Keep it up
Every time I switch phones this app switches all of my messages.  It wins on many levels
It won't let me down load on new phone. Keeps erroring
Fantastic
Its really a wonderfull app.
It won't back up whatsapp
I had important phone numbers in my phone but it stopped working. Thankfully this app backed them up to my Gmail account so I could retrieve them.
Like most others backs up great,  but restore does not work....
Why you dont backup whatsapp anymore?  :|
With kitkat it doesn't work I restore and I see them briefly then they all disappear  please fix soon. Thanks in advance
awesome!!!!
I tried to restore and it looked like it was working but when I went to my messages they're all blank but when I log in to my Gmail account on my computer I can see the messages & logs.  Please fix immediately!
I tried using this app to transfer my text messages and contacts from my old Galaxy S3 to my S5. Unfortunately google did not xfr most of my contacts and none of my texts. It took a long time and did ansolutely nothing.
I had trouble making it work in Kitkat until I went to App Ops and manually enabled Write Sms/MMS. That fixed it.
Backed up to gmail fine, I mean I can SEE everything there on my new phone's gmail account but it does not restore to my new phone. Fix and I'll change rating.
fantastic
Couldn't take restore from gmail account
Used to be 5 stars... Moto E running Android 4.4
This is the only lacking option in this app....nowadays everyone has a dual sim phone and when u see ur call log in gmail....u cant identify if its from/for sim1 or sim2
Does not backup whatspp to gmail anymore. However, cannot find subsitution. So, this is still the best app
Seems to be not compatible with kit Kat... tried to restore my messages and it says it restored it, but when I go into the messages it's blank... please fix.. was perfect before....
I've been using this in 3 devices... Samsung Galaxy Ace, Samsung Galaxy Tab2 & now in my new Moto G 2nd Gen on KitKat. One of the tools I install as part of new phone setup. Thanks for this simple yet neat tool to backup both sms and calls.
Another reason I just loooove google!
Nice
When restores my massages I got nothing but number no text anywhere. Just switched my phone and thanks to this app I have nothing.
O.k for sms and call log but cannot upload my whatsup message to my gmail.  Note 3
Watsapp backup does not work
Messages backed up to Gmail OK.  However, the restore function only restores the sender but not the content of the text messages.
Kit Kat upgrade needed
I love this app. Waiting to see if the ability to back-up Whatsapp messages returns when I upgrade to KitKat 4.4.3, previously, poor to March 2014, all worked fine.
One of the best app.I can't live without this app as I got all my sms backed up from over 4 years.
I like this app but wish it would back up the split messages  I have because it'll only back up the first one.
WhatsApp messages are not getting backed up.. :-/
I lost all my sms!!! It didn't restore to my Samsung Galaxy S5 (Kit Kat). Fix this!
Did not restore
Since March, and the developer hasn't come up with a fix yet. Everything else is fine.
Must download
Running S4 on kit Kat 4.4. I had to wipe my phone due to software issues and it took almost an hour to back up my messages. I reinstalled this app after the phone restore was complete and it says it restored the messages but it didn't. I only get my contact name with a blank message that has no content.
Awesome app cool
Restore brought back a list of names (no particular order) but no text messages or pix.
After trying to restore my backup on my Galaxy S5 all of my backups are blank there is no massage inside. On my older phone which is running gingerbread I have no problem with restoring back up. Really don't know what it is.  Please need some advice to solve the problem. Will rate 5 once the problem fixed
Every web site raved about this app for backing up messages and restoring them -- but especially transferring them to a new phone. I just bought a new phone. I did a backup which stored everything in gmail. I see that restore cannot do the MMS; it doesn't even have a place holder or anything on those messages. I hope they add that in sometime.  But the problem is that the restore only goes back a little more than a month. Looking through my old phone, I see that my phone deleted the older messages. That is hurtful. I wish I had this app sooner. I could have had the older messages backed up.
gug aap
Best app in this category.  But worried regarding gmail account security.
I haven't been able to restore my texts in months.
Just updated my phone firmware and reinstalled this, now getting the "Command: SELECT "SMS"; response: #6# [NO, Unknown, Mailbox; SMS, [Failure]]" error.  Checked "show in IMAP".  Doesn't seem to work.  Hasn't backed up properly since a couple of weeks ago, but that may be my mistake editing labels in Gmail.
To restore my history, most likely not compatible with Kit Kat
Gone over the settings a few time. Not backing up to Whatsapp Label in Gmail. Otherwise 5*. Oneplus One
When I downloaded initially I could backup whatsapp and other messages. Now I am unable to backup whatsapp even though the option is selected. If it is resolved then five star.
Nice app, but have a problem to restore SMS, I am using 4.4.4 Kit Kat on Motorola Droid Maxx XT 1080M. Fix it and will get 5 stars. Thanks.
I just deleted all my folders and I am not able to restore my SMS ..  I use MOTO G 4.4.4  That is because I can now view all those SMS's as a separate folder in my  G mail inbox. Still it would be cool if I can restore.
Once it's backed up n restored, how do I view what's been backing up? Any advice?
App is working fine and sending backup on email of sms and call logs. But Its not working on whatsapp conversation. Its has not create any label into email of name of whatsapp. EVen i have installed 2-3 times but same reault again. Please help on this coz i badly needed my whatsapp conversation backup on email. I am using google nexus 4 phone. If any person can help me on this so please share process on email. Thanks
karajane
Still works perfect after all these years
I backuped my sms and call logs to my gmail but when I restored them , they became separate not in threads  !! And I ended up deleting all of them !
Good
Previously worked perfectly. Now, unable to backup WhatsApp. After I tried to clear my data, it even cannot logged in to my account. Please fix :(
The app does not back up any content of an sms.  I just restored 1000 sms threads and they are all empty. The sender is shown but no content. Worthless
Keep getting an error message! Please fix for higher rating.
Whats app backup is not working with my device Samsung galaxy star .
There has been no update for this in a long time. SMS is still being backed up but no longer working for whatsapp messages.  Please fix.
switched to Kitkat 4.4.2 and this thing stopped working, it wont restore my old sms, shows all the names in inbox but no text inside. you guys need to fix this please.
I cannot restore my sms back to my default Messenger Z Ultra LTE.
Great app easy to use, the older version was great but it won't restore any of my text messages with the newest version.  I would give a 5 star rating but since features aren't functioning properly I gave it 3 stars. Please fix. Samsung galaxy s4
Backs up text and phone log to email address
Using galaxy s5 with hangouts.  Restores all the numbers in messaging that I texted but without any message content.
I've been using SMS Backup+ since I got my first Android phone in ... 2011? And it's been chugging away in the background all the time silently archiving my texts and calls to my gmail account. All this without a whimper of a crash.   I didn't realise the value of this until today when I needed to trace the date on a bank transfer that I had done a few months ago (dispute, long story). The bank wasn't able to help without a service charge, but I recalled that I must have received a text when the payment went through. And lo and behold! the text was backed up, and I was easily able to find it on Gmail and send a transaction ref and date and time to the payee.   The only blip is that Whatsapp backup no longer works, but that's not the dev's fault.   This app was already 5-starred by me earlier, but now I'm adding this comment, and I've made a donation to Jan for saving my ass ;-)
Facing problem to log in to my Google account. Backup is not working...
Nice
Good
the app cant do a backup after log in with gmail account what can i do ? Moti Anav
Been using it for 2 years now and its great!
this app was taking backup of whatsapp chat history but from 3-4 months it is not working. Plz fix it asap.
Very cool app
Does not restore messages anymore
This was great when it was working  but it now starts to backup and then says it can't finish because of IO error. I'm not sure if it's because my phone updated to KitKat on S4. Please fix!
Genius idea. Every SMS to Gmail automatically, tagged and easy to search etc. Tried to "restore" on a new phone, didn't work too well, maybe works only on same phone.
Not. Able to restore. My messages....... after finishing all process for more than an hour out of 3000 sms only one gets restored all other 2999 says dumps
This app is amazing. It's nice to have everything backed up to me email.
One of the most important app. And must have.
Works perfectly...never an issue with my texts being backed up.
Cannot backup my WhatsApp+ messages
I love this app. Only issue now is that when I got a new phone (which runs kit Kat) it won't restore my messages. It acts like it's restoring but when you open the messaging app....nothing! Fix soon please...
Jakas
good
Great application.  It sync your call log,  your sms with Gmail.  Very much recommended
What'sapp not been backed up since April, which is probably a bug since what'sapp updates their program quite a lot. It's also not possible to backup what'sapp messages only manually. So a definite bug. Also the battery drain is still a HUGE problem. Other than that good application that works well with gmail, making it easy to locate and print old messages or pictures. I've used it for at least a year. Thank you.
Awesome
Great app easy to use n does what it says I now have all my 5xt
,
This is backing up my outgoing only not my incoming. I have I used this app for several years this is the frist issue I have had!!! Please fix!!!!
Cool
I relied on this to prove what was said between two people to show in court. I found out too late that it did NOT back up all. It picked and chose. Do NOT rely on this! My settings are set to back up ALL.  It skipped here and there. Very upset with this!!
Kitkat 4.4.4 ... Messages show up on the app whist being restored but at the end of the process they disappear. I noticed that if the stock SMS app is not defined as the default SMS app the SMS get listed... As soon as you make the stock the default again the messages are gone... Please fix this
Great!!!
Love it
Great app
Was good but hasn't backed up any what's app or mms since March?  Says never backed up in settings and nothing to backup when trying manually?
Complete fail when I tried to restore: names show up, but no messages. I backed up from my old Samsung Galaxy.
Had helped me recover all kinds of things I've missed
I am on LG G3 and backup works fine to Google, but no restore... Using handsent sms.
Hey,  the app is no longer backing up my whatsapp messeges? Any ine else?  Iam on kitkat.
082614 UPDATE: IT APPEARS USERS HAVE FIGURED OUT THAT THIS APP IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH KITKAT! *** Kitkat changed how SMS apps are handled - apps now need to be registered as the Main SMS App to be able to add SMS messages, and SMS backup+ doesn't do that yet. ***JAN BERKEL NEEDS TO GET ON THIS AND UPDATE HIS APP BECAUSE A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE GOING TO BE VERY UNHAPPY IF THEY UPGRADE THEIR OS.   Used this app to back up all messages to Gmail. Everything is in my Gmail account but when I restore back to my S3 after a factory reboot every phone number gets pulled back in but the actual message itself doesn't. Every message I have in my phone is empty. I lost a crapload of important information due to this total failure of an app.
Shows restoring but all I get back is blank messages with it. Pls update...anytime nw.....
Made phone get hot
Easy, quick, less storage,  amazing
I create a backup of my sms..after deleting sms from my phone..after restoring ..i lost my all sms from my....
Great app
This is the grandaddy of SMS backup apps and it is still around because it does what it says. I go a year without even thinking about it and it just works in the background,  doing its thing. Very impressive.
Never lost a single text since I discovered this app.
This does not restore. I am using 4.4.4. I backed up, flashed a new ROM then tried to restore. No luck!
     didnd restore sms from backup galaxy s4 kitkat
Unfortunately
Worked well at 1st. Originally installed it on my Galaxy S 2. I ended up having to do a factory reset, lost everything, installed the app and everything restored. But I just got the S 5 and tried restoring. It acts as if it's restoring all my texts but when I open them, they're all blank...not too happy about that. From reading through the comments it seems to not be compatible with Kit Kat. I will keep it installed with hopes it will be fixed. In the meantime, I will be looking for another SMS backup app.
Now I never lose my messages!
This app has worked great in the past.  I got a new Moto X and the text messages will download but not restore on the phone.  Please fix issue.
Can't download my SMS, Call Log or anything back to my phone...Going to uninstall & don't recommend this app...
Great app, but restore currently does not work at kitkat.
Nice
GoOd One... :)
Been using this sweet tool for quite a while now. Wondering if I should be worried or relaxed about the app not being updated since Dec. 2013... Currently using this with my Galaxy S5... And so far, all is well. Can't speak much about the restore aspect as I don't restore logs/messages once they are backed up into Gmail.  PLEASE KEEP UP THE AWESOME WORK!
All is good with this app!      The only thing that I would change being able to restore to a specified date. But other than that the app works great! I love it because I'm able to transfer my texts from my old phone and put them onto my new phone or look at them by a specified date in my email.
Superb very useful app
Pls fix restoring on kit kat
I love this app, however the kit-kat upgrade made restore unusable.  Please fix.
Probably the coolest thing on earth.
No words
.
Ajay
This app use to work properly but now it won't completely back up everything
It only back ups sms' s and calls that are sent out. I have the settings set to back up all texts/calls. Help!?
cant restore my old sms to my new g3 , it does show restore in process, but the texts - but when its done all sms vanished ....
I have grown so accustomed to just looking up my old conversations on gmail that I forget other people can't do the same. And, can't everyone end an argument by proving that "yes you did call her on her birthday, in fact, how many years in row has it been"?  It's not the # of years that wins the argument, it's the exact time & duration of each call.  I have had this app for so many years I can't remember when I first download it. It's 1 of the first 5 apps I install on every phone, mine or families.
I like this app it never goes wrong for me I always factory reset my phone so everything gets erased but evwryrhibg gets restored back with this app I love it :)
.
SMS
I love this app
But it isn't backing up my WhatsApp of late
Call log backed up but not my text messages. Help!!??
Didn't restore my SMS on Android 4.4.4
Good
Great
It used to until March 14 ..now it no longer works.. Shame as this was a great app.
This was a five star app. But out of nowhere it won't auto backup. I keep getting the same errors over and over. (Unable to connect and Temporary Gmail IMAP error) if I immediately open the app and press backup it works just fine. I don't get it.
Backup and restore worked great on my S3 and S4 but only backup is working on my Nexus 5 running 4.4.4 When restoring it shows that it downloads everything but the messages to not show up in any of my messaging apps
Great app
Awesome product, I've used it through several hardware upgrades and one crash. Can't say enough about how happy I am to have this software on my phone!
:))
Hi, I am using a Samsung Galaxy S4 with default settings. Have a Gmail account connected to the app. Have Auto backup checkBox checked. Auto backup settings are in their default settings. However, none of the calls, SMS or MMS are not synced with my Gmail account. I have to press Backup manually. Any idea?
It's nice app for backing sms on android 4.3 and below. It doesn't restore sms on KitKat (Galaxy S4 4.4.2). Very sad.
It just works
Nice working
Lovvvveeee it!! All my messages just deleted for some reason but since I've had this app for some months now. It has EVERY message that was in my phone on my Gmail :) :) :)
Wonderful!!!
Restore not ok
I understand that WhatsApp has changed it's  encryption, but this app is of no use until it is fixed.
Thanks to the developer pleas keep it free
Best app in my hh
Awesome app!!!
It does what it's meant to do. Awesome! !
I kept getting an error every time I tried to back up data. It looked like it was working because it said how many items were being backed up but it kept giving me a error.
Backed up all my SMS to my Gmail just fine, so that part of the app works great. It shows it restoring a ton of my messages when I tell it to Restore, but when I open my inbox nothing comes up. At least it backed up properly, but it's a real bummer I can't get my messages back on my phone. Droid DNA, Android 4.4.2, Sense 5.5. 3 Stars for half functionality.
Backed up almost 2500 items. I rest my phone and tried to restore and it tells me 2200 are duplicates.  So I have no actual messages.  It's just txts so I'll live, but considering that's the apps only job it's pretty useless.  Galaxy s4 kitkat.
Was great, cannot restore anymore
Just upgraded to a new phone and tried to restore my sms messages. The app said it was restoring and completed but nothing was actually put back on my phone.
SMS entries synced to calendar would be a great addition.
Easy Android 4.4 fix: go to settings/app privacy/smsbackup+ and give the app permission to 'write SMS/MMS'. Sorted. Great app!
Around 8/15, noticed a bug where all SMS get backed up in Gmail as if they were sent by the other person. Might be due to Hangout or Gmail change.. not sure.
Worked well with my Samsung S2, but cant restore anything onto my new phone
I switched to a s4 in may 2014. Up until then I had all incoming sms messages saved but since May anything previous only shows outgoing messages. Please fix. Before this it was a 5 star rating but now only 1.
Been using this app for a few years with several different phones and always worked fine until recently, now it only does backups when phone has a wifi connection.
Its not restoring my sms... I enabled the IMAP thing on my gmail account. Backup showed success...but when I tried restoring...It says error in connection... :-(
Nice
I've used this in the past and it's been great. But I had to factory reset my razr maxx hd and not a single text was restored. I tried twice and it looks like the texts are coming in, but they disappear.
I tried to backup my MMS messages but it just stated that no messages found. I then changed the settings to all SMS and MMS and it still couldn't find any messages.
Love it, exactly what I have been looking for! Awesome
Some features not working. Thats y a 4 star.
No frills, just backing up your text messages to Gmail like Hangouts does with its IMs. One of the first things I install on my phone.
This app is still great for backing up text messages. However, from what I understand, KitKat blocks it from restoring messages. Also, WhatsApp changed their encryption method in March of 2014, and this app can no longer do a backup of WhatsApp messages. (You can backup full conversations directly in WhatsApp, people.) Still good for backing up SMS, but the developer should revise the description of this app, so that it would be clear what it can and cannot do.
The WhatsApp does not automatically backup and there is no way to manually back it up either. I can't seem to find a solution online either?
Nice
Super
Now that we are on Kit Kat, this app won't restore my messages. Any help here devs?
Awesome to be able to store my SMSes with my emails.
Not restoring-  says it is. .. But it does not.  It used to work on my other phones. ..
Works flawlessly
Wont restore your stuff that you backed up
It's kuul
I loved this app it has lost my text and a few of my contacts.
Upgraded phone that's kitkat 4.4.2 &  no longer works,  just when needed.
I downloaded this app at the suggestion of the Sprint Store technician. I backed up thousands of SMS, MMS and calls. Got my replacement phone went to restore them and nothing show up. Not one message or call. The app shows I have almost 12000 items, but none show up. Such a waste.
In a nutshell,  that's the best one line description I can come up with.  Since (approx) 2010, when I first installed this app, and set it up, I have never had to think about it again.  I have restored 2 or 3 times using this app, and it has not disappointed me!  Make it one of your first apps to install on a new device, and after setup, your transition between devices will be seamless.  An App I simply will NOT be without!
Best and better
Good
I had issue with my mms messages  not being backed up for several days..I tried to contact the developer several times but no response for days..not sure if it's a Samsung galaxy issue or an App issue. App was working fine up to a certain point oh well
Good
please fix the compatibility with kitkat
This app is great for storing all your messages. ..I have been using it for years now.
aswome apps
Tried to restore my messages and all I got was blank messages! Awful!
WoW this app is very useful. :-)
Says the restore was successful but texts not showing up in messaging apps... Please help!
Lg g2 on kit Kat. Cannot get any messages to restore using default messages app or hangouts.... Fix please!
I have used this app for a few years and I love it. So far its never let me down.
Have everything at your disposal in gmail - so handy.
Easy and fast. Very reliable. I always come back to this app. Thank you.
I have a history of every SMS ever, all in the same place I keep a log of every other communication in my life: Gmail. What more could I ask for?
No messages whatso ever saved. Just there names not the actual threads
Was working OK in old phone but the restore does not work in my new phone running android 4.4.4.  Restore operation appear to go smoothly but on opening up messaging all threads appear for a fraction of a second and then disappear.
Great app
Works perfectly in the background, used it for years and never had a problem.
Must have for people playing around with different ROMs
I wouldn't have a phone without this app.
I have three phones and it is the best to sync all three phones call,sms history to my account. Only gave 4 as on my main phone Xiaomi Redmi Note (Miui V5) it does not do the autobackup eventhough i have checked it.. Otherwise no faults
Backed up messages from HTC One to Gmail, tried to restore them on LG G3 & it appeared as if it was working but nothing happened. No messages, no previous text logs.... NOTHING! Fix it. Please!!
Love this app.  Does exactly what it's supposed to all the time. Thanks guys.
Gr8 job man.
woww so nice app....:)
I love the backup to my Gmail, but since upgrading to KitKat I can't restore SMS messages. This is as a result of permission changes in KitKat that only allow the nominated messaging app to write SMS. Hopefully the app will be updated to overcome this. This app hasn't been updated since December 2013, so there may not be a fix on the horizon.
Works fine. Currently problem with Wahtsapp backup (from March)
This app was a perfect SMS backup tool. But not supported for KitKat. Hope they'll fix it soon.
Although it took some time, it seem to backup my text. When it came time to restore,  the only items restored was the headings.  When clicking on the headings, no texts were found. Hopefully,  this can be fixed for future clients, but I would not recommend this app for the Galaxy S4.
its not restoring the massages from gmail into phone having kitkat version...please fix this..
wish it could backup WhatsApp group conversations
USMANansari
But not restoring Whatsapp msg's after update
Its easy
Io error no help option app doesn't work
This app has become part of how I keep track of all my communications. Being able to search SMS at the same time as email in gmail is fantastic.
Love it!
This is my second review since 2011. Here is am 6 phones+ later and still going strong.  Keep up the great work.   Galaxy S4....Elle in Las Vegas
Very useful . Super
It was great
It seems the backup functionality for Whatsapp messages are no longer working since March 2014. Please fix this quickly!
!!!! 5 star app
What's the point of backing up if you can't restore? I spend a day uploading to gmail then downing to new phone and 20k text message were all invalid
Used to work but not now that I've updated android
This is by far one of my favorite apps. Stores all my text messages to my email.
It only restored my call history. The sms are backed up to my gmail but I thought it was supposed to restore it to the phone as well?
How to restore on Nexus 5 running on android 4.4.4
Before KitKat it did it all, now no more restoration, just empty SMS's. It still backsup and I can view with Gmail.
Very nice .
Makes it easy to search ALL text message history. Works flawlessly and completely setup-and-forget.
Idk....started out strong but now whenever I backup and restore, it doesnt restore any actual texts, it only restores the contacts whom I was trxting with...
This app does not work on android 4.3 and up. This app needs an update. I lost a lot of text messages thanks to this app from the beginning of the year to now, I am seriously disappointed. Uninstalled and now using a better app .Please try "sms back up and restore" for an app that works.
With this, the phone becomes 100% synchronized with your google. Just install it and forget it. Marvelous. Works well on ICS 4.0
It help me a lot in getting backup messages in another phone messages its an great hacking app
I saved everything and it said it was successful but when I tried to restore it to my phone it was all blank no text messages
Great and Easy to use!
Love the fact their is no ads!
Amazing very easy to use. Thou slow in uploading
Restore is not working on 2 diff KK phones: LG L2 and moto G, but it works well on Jelly Bean 4.1
Love it..
Nice app
Good
WhatsApp backup does not work but everything else works flawless.  Good app.
:-)
Waste of time not working
Won't back up what's app anymore and this problem hasn't been fixed since March 14
Works really well.
I was hoping to backup a conversation I had with someone, but it only backed up two messages from the other person, and all from me. A very one-sided conversation is not what I needed...
Rubbish. Didn't  work.  Only restored senders not contents of backed up sms set. Couldn't delete the pointless restores. Worse than useless.
Says everything is restored yet nothing is restored. Needs a fix - fast
Will not restore text messages- tried on MotoX and Razor.  It goes through the motions as if restoring but then nothing shows up on phone.
Didn't restore sms messages.
Best app created...
I had some very old sms that were irreplaceable and now they are safely in gmail where I can easily access them.  Thank you!
Not restoring after factory reset
must be the stock app in android its google level integrity
App works great when backing up but restoring needs to be fixed it restores the name but not the conversations.  Would be 5 stars if this problem is fixed.
Thats craZY
I was happy to use it before but can't use it after upgrade my phone to Kitkat. Please fix it.
Galaxy Mega 6.3 running KitKat..restores are all blank
This is the best app for my galaxy Note 3 ...
Great
Awesome awesome some son
It doesn't seems to be compatible with android 4.4.* kitkat!
I've wiped my phone several times and SMS Backup + has been very useful porting my sms messages to each new install. I've used a few similar apps to backup SMS and call log to SD card, but those don't work on Nexus phones (no SD card) and SMS Backup + does. It's also easier to use (back up regularly and if you're paranoid, force a backup before you wipe).  It's also nice to be able to search them from my gmail account (under the SMS label).
But doesn't back up sms messages anymore
both sms backup and restore features are working fine on my galaxy s4 running android 4.4.4
Not backing up Whatsapp anymore? any suggestions
Simple but effective appp, easy to use. Can backup contact? If yes its dam good
Nice app
I just change my phone and I cannot take back all my messages.  So bad!
Superb app ! But auto backup dsnt work. Plz fix it
I've been using this app for over a year now. It works great to backup SMS, MMS, and Call logs to your Gmail account. But I just started using WhatsApp a week ago, and I can't get the app to backup any of my WhatsApp chats. I am running Android 4.4.2 (KitKat) on an LG G2. Anyone have any suggestions?
Perfect
Permanent searchable record of my sms in my Google account. Perfect.
need hd UI for Nexus 5 ,pls update the app
Used this app extensively on past devices, and also recommended it to many folks as it used to work great.  But it will only backup, not restore messages on HTC One (M8) running KitKat.  As you can see, its a common issue with folks on KitKat.  The developer hasn't updated the app in some time (Dec 2013) so the chances of an update are unfortunately rather slim.  Too bad, I'll have to find another "go to" solution.
Perfect
If someone can tell me where all my messages have gone it would be nice as they've all gone yet this thing says it's all done
Done tons of backup and restore. Everything works good. Thank You and Great Job! Special Kudos for keeping this as a Free App, even though it's definitely eligible for a Pro!
Backed up, reset phone, restored, all text message conversations say "(No subject)" and then when you try to click on it, it opens a new message with that contact. So I lost all ~9,000 items it backed up. Awesome. Thanks guys!!
Where have you been all my life?
UPDATE -  It no longer backup WhatsApp msgs.  The last backup for WhatsApp msgs was on March 10, 2014.===============================The app is really good, but the drawback is that it doesnt backup whatsapp group messages...please rectify this issue
Very useful application
Great ap
The sent messages show up in a different conversation than the received messages. So I now have 2 conversations per person; one for sent, and one for received.
When I tried to use the restoring function I got only empty messages. The messages are fine in Gmail's SMS directory.
It used to be a top app but hasn't been updated in a long time and now just not working. Authorisation errors, not restoring correctly etc Not recommended until all the issues are resolved. Shame.
In 4.4.4 getting issue with restoring the messages.
Stop working
Great app
It s not compatible with 4.4
I love your application but just now realized that whatsapp is not getting backed up starting Mar 9, 14. Same is the case with my other phones. Please fix it, thanks
Failed to install - code 24
Get this app. You will thank me for recommending.. Use of very critical. You actually do not know whom you had called 6 months back for that particular important issue because your phone does not have that old record. So you use this app. It does call log and sms back up.
Very good for saving the. important texts you don't want to lose. But not able to save whatapp ?
used than say
Perfect
This used to be an amazing app! Now it's s#*! If you ask for help they don't reply to your email or try to offer assistance. I had text from my mother before she passed away that were very important to me. I lost them when I had to do a factory reset. I can't restore them again with this app like I could before. If I could rate it without a star. .I would!
Good
I said everything.
Didn't restore SMS correctly - only message senders, call log restored okay.
This is one of my default apps. It works wonderfully.
I've used this program for years and it have never let me down. A must for an Android user.
Unable to restore i hav 13511 msgs but unable to restore take too much time in 6 hours it only restore 5000 msgs but failed
Superb thank u
I switch phones like crazy and this keeps track for me and is searchable in Gmail
Seemed to work fine backing up on Samsung Galaxy Nexus but when I went to restore on new phone (HTC One) it seemed to do so as I saw the counter and it took a few minutes but no messages are there.
Been a long time user of this app. I have always loved it and now with this new phone it no longer works.  Please fix incoming call, sms, mms not backing up. If this gets fix the app will be a 10 again.
Very good
Nice app
I have used this app to retrieve very useful information from really old texts that were long gone from my phone. It backs up to my gmail and i can painlessly search texts from any computer in the world.
Also not restoring on Android 4.4.2, please fix soon! Until then, app is useless.
It just doesn't work. Have had it for 3 weeks now and not a single email to the account I gave it. Perhaps a front for fraud. Beware.
Does the job of keeping my sms log backed up.
Great. Easy way to back up contact and call log
I've only really wanted to backup the messages so haven't and am unlikely to try the restore functionality. Time will tell!
So I've used this app twice before when I changed phones and it worked wonderfully but this time its giving me trouble. I have the Motorola Droid Maxx and after I downloaded and set up the app I expected it to restore my texts and now, even though its counting the messages its restoring it doesn't actually show me anything. What's wrong?
It seems like restore is no longer working if you have a Kit Kat device.
Please this so it's not working on KitKat. Please fix I can't get my SMS again.
How to simply save your texts and call logs
Just started I/O error. Please fix
It's good to be able to back up to Gmail but sadly restore keeps telling me that all the messages are duplicates so doesn't restore them (I have also tried restoring certain started items too)
Kit kat support is coming I'm sure but I have to reduce it to 1 star until they do. I can't even use this app and I used to love it. Probably would have given two or 3 stars if they'd mentioned this in the app description to not waste my time.
Great, simple, reliable. For all of you struggling with the issue, when you try to restore your messages in CM11(stable/nightly, whatever), use following: Settings > Privacy > Privacy Guard      > Advanced > Messaging      > SMS Backup+ > Write SMS DB > Allowed
Excellent
supero super
Updating review since Whatsapp backup has stopped working since March
This is the best application!  I'm so happy this was created.  I used to screen capture all my messages or have to send each message in broken up emails. Thank you for making this app! ! 
Broken on kitkat 4.4.4. I Can't restore SMS or logs. No whatsapp backup either.Please update!
Great app but a little on the slow slide.
It CAN backup all the SMS properly, however it fails to restore... The problem is : it doesn't register itself as the default SMS app before restoring.  Under Kitkat, the proper process of restoring SMS is sth like this: 1. backup app (e.g. SMS Backup +) register itself as the default SMS app 2. restore 3. when the restore process is finished, ask the user to go to their preferred default SMS app (e.g. Messaging) and set "SMS Enabled" in the Settings  if the first step is skipped, everyone will see the exact same situation as what David Stevens mention....   please fix it :(
My whats app use to back up but hasn't since March. Not sure if it is a setting?  Have checked everything though.
nice app
Since I upgraded to KitKat I think it's stopped working. It backed up as normal.. And it does act like its restoring everything but nothing actually restores now
Gud
Doesn't work with alot of text messages
Did a total factory reset n restore my sms but only heading of each sms came out n the contents is gone . Shd not have trust this app
What's new , need update and new style
Great app ever
I had about 17,000 messages to backup from June 2013 to July 2014. It took hours then failed at January 12 (confirmed via Gmail sms folder) so I estimate 10,000. I tried again and it said 0 new items backed up. EDIT: I created a new label for Gmail via the settings and still received the same "IO Error" but it seems to be a valid workaround. I see texts on this new label from June 1 2013 through the last one I sent an hour ago (while backing up!). Will give 5 stars if this issue is resolved.
Says all restored messages are duplicates
With the latest update from android, I can no longer restore sms and call logs. Please fix it!
Theres a workaround now to get everything restored, by using the hidden app ops menu. Enabling write SMS in app ops makes everything work just peachy. Just wish it worked out of the box, though.
Not compatible with Android 4.4 kiykat, after upgading!!
I wanted to copy sms messages from my old phone to a new one. The app backed up my sms messages, to Google drive, without any difficulty. Sadly I could not restore the messages to the new phone. The app went through the motions of restoring and reported the messages restored but the content of the messages was not transfered.
1st, install "App Opt Starter" from play store. 2nd, once you open it swipe right until the messaging tap then scroll down until you find sms backup + then click on it and enable every thing specially the send sms/mms one! Now go back to sms backup + and restore your texts
Nice app
Pls fix issue of backing up wats app messages. It always shows there are no messages to back up even though so many messages are available for back up...
Every conversation as back up...? Great app :)
GETS THE STEP IN
Cool
V.gd
This app worked on all my Samsung devices (all the way to my SGS4). Then I get buy an LG G3. Backup and restore from to my Gmail account to transfer to my G3 and wallah nothing. It said it was restoring, but nothing.
I have a Samsung galaxy s5 and my messages will not restore using this app. It appears to be a problem on all sms backup apps, please fix!
I've had several crappy phones over   the last couple of years, and this app has saved my life!
we
Cant backup whatsapp since 7th march 2014.please solve the issue 1 star for now.
grt backup material
Even after checkin option of WhatsApp back up in my Samsung S3, I'm unable to back up my WhatsApp log n conversation to my email. Kindly fix this issue Thank u If not, let me know - I shall uninstall this app
I'm very disappointed with it's performance with my updated phone. It worked fine on android 4.0 but couldn't recover the backup on android kitkat 4.4.4. It's showing your backup is restored but not showing anything on your phone. Request the developers to fix this bug.
I was able to save messages from my friend that is no longer here. Now I do not have to worry about them disappearing from my phone. Amazing program!
Wasn't intuitive to use. Had several issues,  & when it finally worked,  it forwarded a messy looking garbled bunch of text,  I had to spend serious time editing to make it legible.
I try this app cause i wanted to move over 5000 thousand message and the thing doesn't work so i have one that you guys should download and defintley buy it worth the money it called Mybackup and trust me i am very picky with apps i want them to work if i grew to love it so will you though this will help everyone who having a problem.
Tried a few apps to just do simple automatic backups of my text messages... and this app does it without any drama.
But never works for whats app. Why?
Got a new phone and looks like its working but in the end I cannot restore sms. Will wait for an update and donate. Thank you.
Lovely. Thanks
Awesome app, please update to fix for KitKat, no option to select it as the default message app so it can restore properly
Excellent! Thank you
I have just moved from Samsung Galaxy S2 T989 with Android 4.1.2 to LG G2  D802 with Android 4.4.2. The restore was successful, but I see no SMS message on my phone. I tried that before I rooted the G2 and after. Still;  the same result. Any suggestions?
Love it :)
In general a great app, but also having problem with sms restore on KitKat. Please check.
The best app for backing up my SMS. I've been looking this since! Finally found it! Syncing now to my Gmail account! Huge thanks to the developer! More apps please! :)
Auto Back up error Not working
I was so excited to use this app as my old SMS Backup and Restore app was absolute crap. This very app worked for a while until it stopped backing incoming texts. I don't care about backing my outgoing texts...I want my incoming saved. Help!  What to do?
Amazing app
I never have to worry about forgetting what was in an important text or going back and forth with someone about the specifics of a text that I sent or received.
Not restoring any SMS messages, rendering it useless now. Used to be good.
Disappointed in this app since I put my faith in it to back up important SMS messages when I updated to kitkat. Shows the messages there for a split second but disappears right after. Same thing as David Stevens below.
Sweet app very useful!
Started with going from a Sony to the cat phone worked great just switched from the cat phone to the moto g and it says its restoring but nothing is there :(
So I have just upgraded to an s5 and tried to restore and nothing. I have had this app since my s1 nearly 5 years ago and it has always restored every message to a new phone. This time nothing...I lost it all. Very disappointing.
All I could restore was just names of contacts no messages very disappointed
m
Only picture mail and call logs get backed up. SMS text are not being backed up. The app does not work
Used to be reliable to restore messages.  Now the only reliable thing it does is restore jack sh1t (restores sms that are already present) on my moto x. Don't bother wasting $ on a pro version
I recently purchased a Nexus 5, I tried to move my texts over from a HTC desire, no luck  it backed up fine, it said the restore was successful, but nothing on the new phone  disappointing
Unable backup rejected call
I like this app very much. It's a wonderful app.
Best app
This works great on my Kit Kat G2. For those having issues with restoring on Kit Kat, you have to enable the write permission for the SMS database in App Ops. If you don't know how to do it Google is your friend...
Whatsapp not getting backed up. Device Samsung tab 2 and moto g
M
Upgraded to Galaxy Note3 application worked for a few days now it doesn't backup nor does it restore anything so disappointed not sure if it's the phone or the application so therefore because I've never had an issue until now my 5rating stands until I figure out what's going on
It takes hours to back up and then leaves an io error... Wtf!
WhatsApp back up not working. What is worse is that Dev doesn't even bother responding to queries. No support
Does not restore SMS to KitKat.   No response from developer.
By cpedia. There app doesn't work anymore and I'd like to restore using there format but it doesn't work. I labeled them Android/SMS and changed the settings in your app but they don't come through. The format for emails is number@unknown.email for just numbers and the persons real email address if it does know it, eg bob@foo.bar which can be looked up in my contacts to get the number.
Trying to download this app in my Micromax Canvas-2 A116 mobile. It does not install. Progress bar keeps going on.  Pls help
Won't restore to my new nexus 5. Wtf.
Regularly wipe my phone and this app makes keeping texts very easy.
Backup was done successfully in old phone and restoration without messages. Pls fix it....
Very easy to use and the automatic backup is the best feature in the history of ever. Highly recommended! Would buy a paid version!
Works perfectly to download automatically text and call history on gmail
I can't restore any of my messages.
Simple and effective
it does what it says it does really well. each message takes half a second so if you're like me and just installed it for the first time with a couple thousand existing messages, well,  be prepared for a long wait ;)
I just gave this app the maximum donation possible - have been using for years. Makes all my SMS available available to search or browse  on my gmail email account. Love this app!! Never bothered to restore at phone reset because (thanks to this app)  it's all available on gmail anyway :-)
Backup is my only concern...  I dont really restore backed up messages...  So for me,  this app is doing the best job so far...  I m using this app since 2012,  and still is my must have app....  I dont know why other people are having problems but for me,  it s working solid....  I have used in sgs2, sgs3 and now using in my sgs4...   Very easy to setup as well...
It works but it restores the oldest messages as the newest and vice versa
Won't restore messages on Kit Kat, and judging by similar reviews on here, the developer has evidently abandoned the app.
When I first started using the app it was a 5 star app all the way. Well for some reason now, the auto backup stopped working. I can change the settings to anything. It use to be if I uninstalled and re-installed the app the auto backup worked for a little time then stop all together. Now, that fix doesn't even work. I have emailed multiple times with no response. So I dunno. I still use it but only because it is already setup in my gmail.
I've used this app before on my old android and it worked great. But on my S3 after updating to 4.4 it shows the sms in my Gmail and on top in notification bar it says its restoring on the phone but I check in "messages" and nothing is being restored in phone messages!  PLEASE HELP fix issue so I can have my old SMS back on my phone :(
It would be great if this useful little app could also backup/restore the contact list...
I wish I could leave a zero rating. It saved the numbers of all my texts but not what's actually in the texts wtf!!!
Really great !
Backup works but restore doesn't  Restore seems to complete, when you launch the message app you can briefly see the restored messages but the list then clears and leaves you with an empty message list
I've just managed to restore all of my messages... Just by enabling a permission to read/write sms by this application. It's really usefull. Each user of android 4.4.2 have to switch this permission to enabled in order to restore all of messages.
It didn't restore messages, only the threads of people I messaged... No actual text. Bummer. Thought I would have my texts safe if I ever lost/got my phone stolen. Should have stuck to traditional backup programs. :(
I love it, I love this application been using it for 4 years now
I used to call this a lifesaver. Now the app will not recover sms from my old phone. I am now on Kitkat. Is this why? I log in. It finds 5000+ items to recover. Goes through the long process...  But then there is nothing. Nothing recovered! Did I just lose all of my sms? I trusted this app for years. Now they're gone...  Please help...
The contacts are there, but no messages. Please fix this for kitkat.
Backedup all my things took a few but was worth it
Very usefull
Says it was restoring only bought the numbers over no messages
The fact that all information uploads to your Google account is amazing! Makes it easy to see all information on any device!
No worries, setup is easy, no glitches, free, doesn't do odd things with message routing, doesn't need its own email account.
Great app i have been using it for a long time works well but since the 4.4 update messages will not show up in hangouts i found out its got to do with read/write permissions being disabled can you fix this ASAP the only way i know of fix this is by rooting and using ops app  to set read/write permissions on hopes this helps developer plz get on it thanks.
I got a new LG G3 and wanted to get my sms from my old S3, this app seemed to be perfect. It uploads all my sms and I can download them, but when I open the text app, the messages are there for about 0.5 seconds then they all disappear, disappointing!
Works great
Earlier it was backing up even whatsapp messages. But now after the updates, its not backing up the whatsapp. It just backs up the sms/mms/ call logs. Why its not backin up the whatsapp messages?
Been using this for many years with 60,000 sms but now is not working on my new phone... seems to be restoring but with no actual result.
Can't restore messages anymore
Can't backup whatsapp
Unable to backup whatzapp for months now.... With no solution in sight?
Everyone should have this app
The backup ability is great and I've yet to have any problems. I like that it syncs my call logs to Google Calendar too. I haven't used the restore ability yet, so I'm not sure how well that works. It's not a issue for me since it's backed up to Gmail and I can just search for anything I need to remember or reference later.
This app does do what it says, however I believe that the developer should have mentioned that this app doesn't take a backup of existing SMS's. Only those SMS's will be backed up which the phone receives after this app is installed. Older messages don't get backed up.
Exactly what I wanted..
Thanks for this great APP but pls fix SMS restore issue on Kitkat, I can't restore my SMSs at all :(
Always works quickly!!!
Do not back up Whatsapp messages. Other than that works great.
When i press restore. It shows messages but they dont stay in my inbox
Backup was successful, the restoring process finishes but no sms is restored. Fix this!!
Good App.
A life saver app that helped me so many times. But it's not restoring my texts on HTC One M8 (stock ROM 4.4.2). It says it's restoring, but messages are nowhere to be found. Hope it will be fixed soon!
cant backup my whats app msgs
Ok
Must have
Must have.
Fantastic App  But since changes to updating to KitKat it no longer Backs up Whatsapp  Please fix
will pics be backed up
I'm using SMS Backup+ from the last couple of years and undoubtedly this is the best sms backup app. But recently I changed my handset to Samsung Galaxy S4 with Android 4.4.2 and I started facing problem with an app (version: 1.5.5) first time. It is not restoring the SMSs backed up in my Gmail. Though it finds the SMSs and restore the names only but not the actual messages. When I open the Message threads in my phone, it just shows the names without any message inside. I hope this is a minor bug and can be resolved ASAP.
Proves useful each time I need to do factory reset
Fantastic for auto backups!
Multiple reasons
Its not doing the back up of my whatsapp anymore... What can i do??
I have had this app since 2011. My 3 week old new phone was stolen last week. The ONLY reason I didnt lose everything is because of this app! I pay monthly for Sprint TEP to back up everything,  pics, video, data, etc and it FAILED!!! Heartbroken I lost irreplaceable photos but SO thankful for this app. I wish this app backed up everything because I would never have to worry again!
Does what is said except whats app is not backing up after update please fix this problem
Does all I need.
Shows error when attempting to create backup. Have enabled IMAP in Gmail and checked all settings.
Really a great app, with the added whatsapp functionality even better, but suddenly it has stopped backing it up, tried unistalling both the app and whatsapp, backs up everything else apart from whatsapp, any idea?
Unable to sync since June 20. Uninstalled and downloaded again..same issue
The backupb for sms and call log is excellent. But it doesn't work for whatsapp.
not connecting to gmail
Love it. This is my basic app.
Amazing app with sync with gmail
Can't restore SMS on KK 4.4.4
No 4.4 support
Simple concept, excellently delivered.
Backed up everything to GMail. I opened GMail and they're all there. Replaced my Galaxy S4 with another S4. "Restored" over 2000 messages. ALL BLANK!!! Thank goodness they're at least in my GMail account or I'd be totally screwed. FIX THIS! :-(
SMS, MMS, and call logs back up fine
Can't complain to much pretty much works great for me. Although my call logs never back up until I receive a text. But still great app developers 5 stars deserved!!
Works great. Could not be happier with how well this works. I have a lot of txts that come in for work and I am able to view them from my computer to sort them out better and to keep an easy record.  Great app to install to monitor kid's txt messages!!
Ligt n Best sms backup
This app saved me...its does your all backup..totataly an 5 star app..
Does not restore on.KitKat 4.4.4 (nexus4)
Restoration looks like working successfully but actually is not working. Please kindly solve the issue ASAP
It greatly syncs messages! ^^ You just have to follow the steps and read it carefully.^^ Thank you so much for making this app! Rated  stars! ^^
Not working on KitKat 8((
Really useful app
App does not work on Kitkat. When I contacted them they ignored me 3 different times
It backs up the conversations to Gmail but it does not successfully restore them. All conversations lost from my phone now :(
I recently upgraded to a S5 and now I can't restore my texts to my phone,  please fix this issue.  I had no problems with the messages restoring to S3.  This issue needs to be corrected. Thank you
it worked perfectly until i've upgraded from 4.2 to 4.4... now it cannot restore call log and sms list - huawei ascend p6
Amazing app but it stopped backing up whatsapp messages which is a huge let down.
Got replacement phone. When I downloaded the app again it gives me an error msg. Stating sms backup and error 10 error. Pls fix this problem or what can I do I love this app
I have a Samsung Galaxy S4.  I can not restore my SMSs.  Never a problem before.  Please help if its something that can be sorted
Doesn't restore messages to Kit Kat.
Easy and functional
Great but it doesn't backup WhatsApp conversations even after I followed the instructions on the webpage.
Backup works fine but now it doesn't restore to Kitkat device. Tested using Android L and emailed Developer
It's missing is the ability to remove the Inbox label so that we don't see them in your inbox. Especially if you have a custom label setup.
A must and a saver!
Used to work great with my older Android phones.  I hope they fix this problem.
!
I did a factory reset and it won't restore my messages. Please fix it.
Super
Great app for backup
Kit Kat 4.2.2 Galaxy S3. Tried twice to restore after an OS update which caused to have to delete all msgs. App went through the motions, said everything was restored. But there were zero messages. Total loss. All the messages are there in gmail, but that's it.
Most recently the app has stopped restoring any sms content. The messages come back blank. Please fix.
It backed up my texts messages and phone logs but at the time I wanted to restore them back to my phone after doing a factory reset it seemed as they were downloading & the threads were shown yet the threads are blank. No messages what so ever! I even tried enabling the IMAP on my computer, enabling my gmail & phone yet nothing. What else can I do? I had more than 19,000 and now zero! False promises with this app. There is no restoring to phone! :(
Doesn't restore anything.
Pros: It is a very good application to keep backup of important SMS, call log etc. Con: Unable to use on wifi network, always ask for mobile data to be enable.
Love it
Can't restore my messages on KitKat! I trusted this app :(
I can backup SMS but there is no way I can restore them. How could I do?
I the this pos. Im not a tech god so figuring out how to get the restore the sms is a f*&(  joke. Give step by step instructions if English ffs
My messages vanish periodically. I have no idea whether this is a common problem, or whether it's actually caused by this app, but I'm certainly grateful they're safely backed up! However, there are definitely some discrepancies in the numbers reported when restoring...
I find this useful because I change ROMs often. It's also nice to be able to search previous texts in Gmail when I'm on my PC.
It
Ive been trying for days now to backup whatsapp mess.. and keeps telling me theres nothing to back up... can this be fixed plz?? I love everything else soo far... :-(
From March I am not able to get whats app back up... I have to do back up manually... Kindly help and fix this bug :( :'(
Its giving error no backup file found :/
Good to see all SMS in my gmail. However, it is not backingup whats app even I opted on.
This app is a "text" saver!
Didn't work
Plain and simple; This app is it! Plus NO ADs
After kitkat update, it backs up like normal but I get a constant error message "connection closed by peer". Please fix.
Worked great at first, but now it stopped working for whatsapp. Says "nothing to back up" although there ARE new messages!! I even tried to uninstall & reinstall, but still it did nothing!
None of my whatsapp messages are being backed up.  I've had this app for about 4 years and never had a problem with it but since a few updates ago it has stopped backing up whatsapp.    Please resolve this issue asap. thanks
My note 3 started acting up on me so I downloaded this it's worthless it didn't do anything but drain my battery DELETE THIS CRAP
This simple program finally did what 2 other more complicated programs promised to do: back up my sms msgs to my Google email. Thank you!
This is app is very useful if you want to find your lost data, really like this one should use this, recommended.
Sms is backing up fine. Call logs backed up. whatsapp too has not been backed up. Any chance for Viber backup ?
It's ok for my needs.
It stopped backing up my Whatsapp conversations... Any idea what's going on??
Have been using this app for a long time. Great to backup your Txt messages to email. Can be used to restore SMS and MMS.   Some time back I realized they have started supporting WhatsApp messges to. but your have to enable the feature manually. Too late as I had not been aware and lost my messages.  Will not support the restore of the Whatsapp Messages though as I realized later. So I do have the messages in my email but cannot restore them back to the phone. Not Lost but inconvenient.  Hit like if this is helpful....  UPDATE: Downgraded to three star...  Just noticed that even though I have all the appropriate settings on, IT has not backed up my Whatsapp Messages for over 4 months. Wont work even after a reset. Just be aware you may not be having your Whatsapp messages in you email account. :-(
It was arguably one of the best backup app for sms and whatsapp messages, but for some reason whatsapp messages can't be backuo now, please fix that and I will give you 5 stars ;)
Very very nice app.....hope can save contacts also to gmail label....
Very useful app.
Was working perfectly,  except that it randomly stopped backing up Whatsapp 4 months ago even though the option is selected!  And it's only when I need to restore a whatsapp convo from last week that I learn this! Any backup app needs to be above all else 100% reliable as it's only when you need to restore that you find out there are issues and by that time it is too late!
I like the app but not all messages are coming through in backup so it looks like pieces of the conversation are missing... other than that it works fine.
App reported that it had backed up all my texts to my Gmail account. Then I factory-reset my phone, and tried to restore them. App said it was restoring all texts, then at the end of the process it hadn't actually restored anything.
This app's periodic backups has saved multiple times, keep up the good work developer!
Does what is says..
WhatsApp backup still not happening!  old review: Simple, effective, efficient!  Uses OAuth for sign in; works like a charm.  Thank you, Jan!
No warning that KitKat will not work.  Can't restore messages with any other app.
Does exactly what it says (:
But need to work on whats up also.
This app is cool but my incoming messages are not being backed up, only the outgoing ones are. Help?
N
Ever since the update, whatsapp backup feature doesnt work, however rest of the features are good
After the recent update of whatsapp, this app does not support  whatsapp backup. Otherwise a good app.
I needed to do factory reset and used this to backup my sms and phone logs before my reset.  when I restored only my phone logs came back.  I did some googling and figured out out to get the sms to come back as well.  Download the App ops starter.  once there go to messaging, select sms backup plus.  once there scroll down until you see "write sms/mms" and enable it.  then open backup plus and do restore, it should work , did for me.
I backed up my text messages to my gmail account. Tried to do the restore and it only restored the name of the person you text not the message itself! Do not use this program!
you want to update and fix the KitKat issues would be nice. Can't believe it's been half a year of complaints and nothing so far.
I love this app. It effectively does exactly what it promises.
I have every number and messages saved
Thanks
Call log to calendar, sms, mms, calls, vm... all sent to email acct!
Works fine on my Samsung Galaxy 5.
Don't save the incoming messages in gmail. Only the ones I send. Other than that I like the app
There seems to be some problem after updating to kitkat it restore the call log fine but not the SMS it doesn't work at all, hope It gets fixed soon!
Does what it should. Auto back up straight to gmail.
Took me the second try to get it right, and it took a while too. Nonetheless worked like a charm
BUT won't backup my whatsapp :-(
As above, works on all my devices besides my note 3, s2 and nexus 7. I'm slightly confused because it works on my desire HD but its also running kit kat. Once restore contacts works on kk I'll be happy
Call log backup
So friendly
Nice
I tried this cause it was recommended by a buddy of mine. I had a old phone that needed to be backed up so when I downloaded the app with the new phone it didn't work . All it did was download who a texted but the messages were blank . Wth ! . Lost important info
... which is exactly what I'd hope!
Been using this app for a few years to backup sms constantly and the occasional restore. Never had issues and works wonderfully
Complicated
U can easily back up ur SMS n call log.
Does exactly what it says - no issues thus far. Love it.
I have used this app for over 5 years now maybe more.   Always does me well.... Awesomeness
There is a major problem here that needs to be addressed. I've been on many message boards with people having this exact same problem:   SMS Backup+, when used to restore, restores the name of the senders, but the content of the text messages are completely blank. Using this same app, on my older Phone (HTC Sensation running 4.0.3), it works perfectly. I have read that this is due to the fact that this APP cannot establish correct read/write permissions. The only way people have been able to get this to work is to Root their phone (which actually voids your warranty if your phone service finds out), then use App Ops to give SMS Backup+ the correct read/write permissions.  The other issue here, is that Google Hangouts (when set as the default app to handle SMS messages)  will not recognized the restored text messages.   This use to be a 5 star app, but now I can only give it 2, because the Backup feature to your Google account, at least, does work.
Love this app - very efficient!
Using hangouts on Nexus five, MMS not backing up correctly. SMS back up works fine though. I haven't tried restore.
I've used this app on 4 different phones now and works perfectly on them all.  Great app for keeping record of text conversations and pics,  etc. that get sent via texting.
Sms
Installed it in wife's phone. Found out she's having an affair. Yes it works. And it organizes very well.
The ability to backup text messages to email is very useful. The feature of sorting phone activity into email labels has made finding contacts and contact history so much easier to access and utilize.
Initially didn't restore after a factory reset but once I changed some SMS write permissions it worked again
No longer works and I don't know why!!!
Nice app to have backup of sms
Won't work on kitkat please fix this issue
It showing last update for what's app is never
Got my phone Monday and I started restoring my texts and it look like it was restoring but nothing showed up when it was finished.  Please Fix it!
Long time user and fan of this app but since the switch to a new device with KitKat I've lost some love. Like others have said, it looks like the restore is working but no messages ever appear. Hoping for a fix-this app has worked flawlessly and unobtrusively in the background and I'd love to have it going forward.
Doesn't restore any of my messages back to me phone.
Loved it!!!!!!!
Works well and backs up to Gmail well. Plus, even with the default settings, it leaves your gmail neatly organised with archived email-based backups labelled "SMS". I find it very easy to pull up old messages just by using Gmail's great search.  EDIT: 2 years and many android updates later - still works like a champ
It looks like WhatsApp messages are not backed up by SMS Backup+. Samsung galaxy grand(Android 4.2.2)..Please review on that.
I love the way it works
Are you still alive? Will this app ever be updated again or have you moved on to bigger and better things? Just curious because several reviews have been posted in the last 6-8 months about SMS Backup+ not being compatible with Kit Kat and you haven't replied to them or updated the app to fix the restoration problem. I just want to know whether a fix is planned or if I should do what you seem to have done and simply give up on this app.
More room on my phone, faster! :-)
Excelente aplicacion, respalda todo en tu email, me fascina!
It's grat for keeping track of your bipolar ex-wife.
This helped me save much needed text messages so I could change phones!
please fix. *frustrated! :(
It backed up all sms'es just fine, but I can't get them recoverd back to my phone after this. This was working flawless before. Why dosent it work now?? :(
No longer support whatsapp
Had some initial trouble getting the old phone to start the backup to Gmail, but once it did, I was able to restore my texts and call log (~1300 items) to my RAZR Maxx HD. Thanks for the free app. Definitely recommended!  6/10/2014 UPDATE: doesn't appear to support new SMS storage in KitKat.
I've used this app before with great success but now it won't restore my messages. Very frustrating and there's no way yo get a hold of anyone for help with the issue. Very disappointing.
Kitkat issue : I can't restore my SMSs. Don't use this app
Didn't work filled my messages with anonymous texts of gibberish
Doesn't work with kit kat
Not backing up my WhatsApp. Checked the website and FAQ. Checked the settings. All as required .still useless. Developer doesn't replies to email
Backed up from a Droid 3 to Note 3.  Required multiple attempts to backup from the droid.  Finally had to delete a large number of text before it would complete a backup operation.  Restored to the Note 3........and nothing but a list of phone numbers NO texts at ALL!  Will uninstall and try something else.  Performed both the backup and restore operations from home office using high speed wifi / cable.  Not the cellular connection.
Will this be updated for kitkat? Nice features, just doesn't work on latest android version.
this app does exactly what it says it does and it works wonderful however I have not used to restore it features
Used to back up whatsapp messages, but hasn't been backed up since march. Please advise why.
Hmmm good apps
ive seen several ppl use this app with success but i tried it,and while it says it backed up 20,000 items none of the messages came over just some threads and same thing with the call logs
Didn't even realize until now. Hasn't been backing up on KitKat in a year!
Does what's expected
Just works!
I can't restore  my messages  on my new  phone (KitKat). Please  Please  Please  Fix it! !!!
Brilliant app where it backs up all your texts, but I've changed to an S5 and cannot restore any of my texts. When I do it comes up with a load of unknown sender sms threads without any content! Help anyone????
Was told to use this app by Verizon. Usually works great but this time I lost all my SMS. As you can imagine I'm really not happy. Droid maxx.
Excellent service
Lol
Have used fir nearly 3 years now. Still love it!
I fixed the WhatsApp backup problem by installing an app called Tri-Crypt. Search for it on the app store. It converts crypt5, crypt6 and crypt7 backup files to crypt so sms backup+ can read them again. :)
Great app... Plz plz plz fix KitKat restore or open source it and let someone else maintain it.
Back up but no restore :(
i used this app for long till i started using the galaxy s4 tried to recover sms i had backed up on gmail, i say lost lots of them, if there is  a way i can recover them i will really appreciate
Unable to backup whatsapp msgs :-( in android 4.1
Good
Only used it a few times so far. Messages don't seem to show up in Gmail in order. Would be better if it uploaded conversations one contact at a time and in chronological order; to messy trying to follow a conversation line afterwards. (Sony Xperia Black)
Loved the simple backup tool
Never restores messages back to device. I'm using Google Nexus 5 (LG)
Does not restore on kitkat
It is not compatible with 4.4.2
X
Very useful app. Only reason for not giving it 5* is that WhatsApp backup has stopped working recently. If that gets fixed then this is back to a 5* app for me.
Been using this app for a while without any problems. Easy to setup the backups and to restore them when you need to. You can even read them and forward copies from gmail.
It doesn't work.
Unfortunately, the texts show up then disappear. I suspect it's from the new kit Kat update?
This app used to create a single, coherent text file per conversation, with a timestamp for each entry, creating a sort of diary of the conversation.  Now, each entry is entirely separate.    And it used to save to the internal memory card; now it requires an internet connection.  Neither of these improvements is useful; in fact, for my purposes, both are LESS useful than the way the app used to behave.
Not backing up on my galaxy s3 :(  Worked once and not again.
All of my texts were backed up to Gmail, but there is no way to restore them to my phone.
Works great for backing up SMS, but unable to restore on KitKat devices.  Works flawlessly on JellyBean.  Would love to know if there is active development happening... should I hold out hope for KitKat or should I look for an alternative??
It's not backing up WhatsApp chats on my new MotoG (XT1033). Used to work earlier on a Samsung Galaxy S. Please fix.  Removing two stars because it's no more backing up whatsapp.
This app used to be "the one" but no longer restores since Kitkat. It still backups to gmail like a magic but no good unless you can restore right? Kitkat has been released for ages but you have not release an update to fix the problem for half a year despite the number of complaints
People saying restore doesn't work need to check their privacy guard. The app needs permission to write SMS.
Simply Perfect.  Error of restoring on KitKat
Excellent. Best Service
Great app to keep all your apps backed up on Gmail.
Has stopped backing up whatsapp for some reason back in March. Works for everything else though
The app is set to sync when Wi-Fi is available but it doesn't. I still have to do it manually. Other than that  this is a pretty good app.
This app has worked on every android phone I've ever used, ~15 different models, over about 3 years. Just awesome.
Excellent
Doesn't work on kitkat
Doesn't work on HTC one m8, app doesn't have permission to write to sms so can't restore.
Please fix whatsapp backup. Its not working
Works great if you want to backup sms to your gmail but it can't restore them on KitKat or newer.
I've been using this for years, always installed first and last one I check to make sure it is fully backed up before factory resetting/getting new phone.  Only feature I would like to see is selective restore points, like only restore messages from specific date ranges..
I've used this app twice now and the 1st time I lost exactly one years worth of text messages. I thought maybe I had done something wrong until yesterday when I used it again. Another 6 months gone and just left me a jumbled mess. Try something else! RAZR Max
Only sent messages are backing up.. not incoming.. plz fix.. as backing up of incoming messages are important..
Nice one
My phone is Samsung S3. Everything work fine. It can backup sms but not whatsapp.
From the past 2 months or so whatsapp messages are not getting backed up. I have also emailed you regarding this issue.
No hassle - unobtrusive, works great
Does what it claims to do. Perfect.
Doesn't backup my whatsapp anymore as promised
Doesn't restore sms texts after backing them up. Read your reviews and fix things . Horrible app ! Use something else.
Have to uninstall then install again to get it to send to my gmail account please fix this samsung s4 thanks
This app doesn't work properly. It doesn't restore. It goes through process & reload count,but nothing is ever restored. I've tried to restore 3 Times after getting new phone
Everything works fine except for whatsapp backup
I hate this application because it cant restore sms. Lost all sms.
Good app, looks like it's not working for me anymore though. Won't connect through WiFi. Will connect on mobile data network, but never actually restores anything.
No restore sms in my old phone to new phone i am using now moto e kitkat. Restore sms countig has been progress and in the last nothing is restore. What is the problem. Plz help me.
Not working in this phone
Does exactly what it should.
i was unable to restore on htccc 1 m8
This is a great app. It works fine. Sometimes the restore is not correct as it enters loads of numbers to sms without any body.
not kitkat compatible:(
I absolutely love this app. The simplest and most useful of all the apps.
Updated my note 2 to KitKat, tried to restore messages, only the threads are being restored which are empty i.e. containing no actual messages, it works with rooted phones where the permissions can be switched on off manually, but on non rooted ones not working. The problem seems to be write message permission which is not given in KitKat. Resulting in 5 star - 3 star - google + = 2 star and no Google plus. Really sad was an awesome app before kitkat, desperately needs an update.
Been using it for years to back up SMS,MMS and call logs.
Really like this app, especially after the dev added the whatsapp backup feature. Hopefully Line and WeChat history backup will be supported too.
Its not working
Phone became soft bricked so I reset to factory then re installefld sms backup. Nothing to restore!! Ok so i signed in with the new gmail account google INSISTED I have because it didnt believe i was giving the right password for the account it was signed on with yesterday when the phone was fine. Ok reset to factory AGAIN. Reinstall SMS back up AGAIN. STILL TRIED TO BACKUP FROM AN ACCOUNT I SET UP HALF AN HOUR AGO AND WONT LET ME CHOOSE THE RIGHT GOOGLE ACCOUNT. USELESS!!    !
Backup message and call log works fine. Restore call logs is okay. but restore message isn't working. Messages are getting restored, but disappearing the next second.
Better job at restoration. Some messages disappear. Does whatsapp work on note 3
I'm excited!!! If only I had known!
It is an excelent app for sms &contact backup try it soon
Won't restore to Kit Kat 4.4
I love the way this works. Set it and forget it and you have full access to your sms msgs in Gmail. Thanks!
I prefer this because just in case I lose my sd card or my phone gets lost or water damaged I will always have my backups in my Gmail account.
I can see messages on Gmail. However cannot restore. What will I do with a backup that I can't restore?
Update 05/2014: docked one star because WhatsApp Backup is broken with the latest update. Notified developer but so far no reply yet.   Does exactly what is says on the box. Nothing more or less.
Works great
Love it! Why doesn't iphone offer any such app. Would never give up my android just because of this app. Parents I highly recommend this app if you have young teenagers! It backups everything before they have a chance to be sneaky and delete sms, mms, or call logs.
I loved this app at first. I got a new galaxy s4 and it appeared to be restoring all mt text messaged but it didnt. All I got were the names of the contacts backed up to my gmail. So disappointed. And now it wont even restore current text messages.
Great app. Synchronized with gmail. I love this app. I have had it for so long. Great way to keep track of text messages.
I like the concept. But it is too slow. Otherwise I would have given 5 star.
Nice one
What's App backup doesn't seem to work anymore...
Doesnt work at all
IT IS NOT WORKING NOW I ON MY SAMSUNG!!!
Ali
Doesn't backup whatsapp.
The absolute, mutha truckin' best sms backup tool out there!
This app is so great and helpful I would pay for it in the future. Thanks for a great free service
Works great all the time , and is so easy to use !!!!! Live it !
Two stars only because it cannot restore SMS messages on my KitKat phone. If the developer rectifies the problem, I'd rate it 5 stars, for sure!
Wish it didn't use imap though
Used to work fine on my previous phone,  now im on kit kat and after restoring, i enter my messaging app and see the messages briefly and then immediately dissappear
Not compatible with nexus 5 (KitKat)
Fantastic!! I donated to support the Dev, but this program does everything you need for free.
Lost all my contact and SMS when upgrading to KitKat
App Ops X fixed Kitkat issue.
Yessssss
Greatest Ever
Says it backups everything. But I now have no pics or texts that I've saved for 5 yrs or so.
Has serious flaw. All my sms are backed up to Google but it doesn't restore my messages. Just got another phone I need this to work!
All my messages came in with (no subject) :(
Whatsapp backup is not wark.
Been using this for about two years, never had an issue. The best sms, call log and whatsapp backup app there is
Unable to backup whatsapp..
Great
Try to fix this issue
god blesss u.
This use to work perfectly. However after I restored my phone it doesn't show any of the messages. Looks like they are there until you open it, when you open the messages they are all blank. They are on Google but hard to decipher. Very disappointed.
Won't restore my backup. I see them as it is loading them, then as soon as it finishes, they disappear. I have the new droid maxx with KitKat 4.4 on it.  Very disappointed that it isn't working. I only saved it this way. It worked in the past so I trusted it to work going forward. My mistake.
Software
Whatsapp backup is not working .....was working earlier..... Plz fix it for 5 stars
I lost all my sms after resetting my phone and resore with this app
After updating March 2014 version, It can't backup whatsapp to gmail. All services work properly but whatsapp.
I like this app.. Its Pretty useful whenever required
But since March, it does not backup Whatsapp messages. Everything else is good. I don't know if it's a know issue or what.
No whatsapp backup
Keeps occurring..
Great
I've recently moved from Samsung galaxy s4 to HTC one m8. When attempting restoration the counter will calculate and appears to be downloading messages but the never come back. I've attempted multiple settings changes but no luck. Love the app and desperately waiting for an update to fix it.
Excellent....
Whatsapp messages are not backed up. Please fix.
It works excellent.
My last backup is on 9 March. Now I installed again but its not showing backup of Watsapp messages.
Recently apps not taking backup properly especially while WIFI. Also it shows wrong backup time which isn't same as Real Time.
Good n must have
No messages were restored after waiting 20 minutes for the progress bar to complete. I'm using the nexus 5 with default hangouts to send/receive SMS. **Secondly, there is no option to have messages skip the inbox and go to the SMS label. Even creating a filter in gmail doesn't catch the backed-up SMS emails. I keep having to archive them- very annoying.
Nice App
Is this app finished editing fixing? Changing to a new mob today and realised what's app has not backed up since march to my gmail and it won't if I manual backup either, advice pls??
Hi, great app until I upgraded to 4.4.2. Now it does not backup my whatsapp messages anymore.
Don't seemed to be backing up whatsapp.
Unable to restore sms from SMS Backup +. it says its restored the sms but not sure whether it has...   Developer please help!!!
Does what it's supposed to - backups SMS's, storing them on your GMAIL for archiving. Plus, it keeps picture attachments and emoji, too. Very useful.
Many thanks Jan :)
Question for the dev, why won't it back up the WhatsApp messages anymore.
only sent messages are backuped in gmail......... wats the problem.....????
Does just as it says, almost flawlessly.
Good
Am loving this app, especially the call log feature which puts a record of my calls (in & out bound) into a "call log" Google calendar that means I can review my calls at the end of the day to make sure I haven't forgotten any thing!
Good
unsupported,  it does not back up whastapp since 03/2014
I have been using for nearly two years. Apart from reliably backing and restoring SMS and calls logs, the developers just added support for WhatsApp as well. However, WhatsApp backup has been extremely buggy for many versions now, where messages are not getting backed up. Developer, could you please fix? Except for this, the app is superb!
Before KitKat its working fine , after i update my HTC one cant restore my SMS but call  log work properly
Very slow backup.
How do I enable IMAP I'm gmail may be why sms messages are not uploading
I have around 1000 messages in my phone. This app claimed that I have 8000 texts and took 3 hours to backup. Then when I want to restore, it takes 4 hour to restore but no messages shown . Wth????
Still not catching all the messages to back up. It's picking and choosing which ones to ignore. :-(
On the website there is a solution without rooting your phone. Worked for me to restore my sms messages. If I could give this app 10 stars I would. This is the most useful app on play store IMO
Will update rating when kit Kat is supported.
Seems I've had this app for years now. Still does the job brilliantly. I switch ROMs quite often and sometimes phones. This makes the process hassle free.
Great
I have used this on several occasions and did the job perfectly. However, since restore stopped working on KitKat, mind of useless now, !
Upgraded to S5 but didn't restore any SMS.
Backs up, but won't restore in Android KitKat
Can't backup WhatsApp messages to Gmail anymore.
Restore SMS doesn't work on kitkat. When it will available ?
Unhappy it doesnt backup Whatsapp
I can view all my SMS logs right on my desktop even I miss my mobile ... Great utility ... I love it
Love it! Have not  tried to restore anything but does great backing everything up to my Google account. I've been using it for 2 years without a glitch.
Works great on galaxy s3 but when I upgraded from s3 to s5 it isn't restoring properly.  Please help.
So I changed my mobile device recently and apparently this isn't compatible with it. :( Is there something the developer can do to rectify it? I own a Lenovo Yoga 8 (B600-H) Android 4.2.2. I have gotten used to the software and it would be great if I could resume my use.
I have been backing up for years with this app and now i can't restore to my new S5.
I could see the countdown, but no messages appear at all, just the people I sent messages to. On galaxy s5, kit kat. Seems others are having the same issue. It'd be great to get this to work.
Not bad
Won't work on my s3 4.3
But will not restore sms to Kit Kat. I hate to rate a legitimately 5 star app in every other way this low, but I hope it gets some developer's proper attention very soon. My $7.01 in Google Play Store credit is yours as soon as my messages are restored.
It does a great job of backing up to your GMail account, the call log backup feature is helpful for certain things and the restoring of SMS and Call Logs works great.  Unfortunately, it can not restore MMS yet, and I've been waiting for that feature for over 2 years now and its still not here.
It's an amazing app 10*
Simple, functional, as it should be! Unfortunately crashes / does nothing for WhatsApp with huge conversation threads.
App work well. Need to move from G Nexus to Gal s5. To be sure that data in old is backed up I click back up again. Now restored into new phone but each contact now come with duplicate phone #, notes,  address (a Jan Berkel now has same pho # twice email twice, birthday twice & on & on). Does anyone know what I need to do to delete duplicate entries? Thanks and thanks to you Jan Berkel for this app. It works.  My Gal Nexus was not compatible with Verizon cloud but this app help and  it is huge!
It just transfered the name of contacts but not sms in the conversation.
Worked like a pro
for more than 2 months whatsapp backing up is not working.Can u fix it or otherwise i will unnstall the program :(
KitKat has been out for months, c'mon guys you have to get this app working with 4.4
Great app
Got a new phone, tried to restore, looked like it was restoring as the active notification was counting the number downloaded and when it was done.... There was just a list on people with no restored text messages. Using on a Samsung Galaxy S5 (Android 4.4.2) i gave it 4 stars because it has worked before and other devices and still backup my messages to gmail.
Does not work with kitkat. Pretty game breaking for me.
Works fine.....But really slow. Uploads text one by one. Should be able to upload sms in bulk. I have 45,000 texts so, imagine how much time it will take?
Don't know if it backup correctly on the S2, but when restore on the S5, all the message is empty.
I have used this app for years, backing everything up. Recently my phone decided to call it quits. It worked, but not well. I was very concerned because I had messages on my phone from deceased friends and relatives that I didn't want to lose being able to see. The restore function makes that all possible. New phone, and able to keep my memories where I want them. Amazing! And grateful! Thank you!
Use to work beautifully. Now it fails to restore..
Didnt back up or connect to Gmail.  Uninstalled n reinstalled too.
Makes searching through old SMS easy via the gmail interface.
Restore does not work on a new HTC One m8-4.4.2.  Looks like its restoring, but after it 'completes' it says the messages are duplicates.
I cant restored sms, i have a lot of sms backup but cant work.. please help...
I LOVE your app.......BEFORE I got my Galaxy s5 w/ KitKat. Contacts put up saying we were conversating but, no actual messages are showing up. Please fix and update ASAP, VERY annoying.
unable to get backup of my whatsapp
Great job man, great job.
The app used to back up incoming texts but doesn't anymore. My settings didn't change, and there's no option to even select "incoming/outgoing". I have an email folder full of my own messages to people, but absolutely no received texts. What happened? Please fix!!
I don't have to think what kind of message it was. It's all nicely indexed in gmail.
Good thing
I can't believe that I can no longer read those preserved messages because i trusted this piece of crap. All my messages are gone and can never be restored because this app failed to deliver the very thing it promised to me.
well to be clear texts do restore but are timestamped the date/time of the restore and a lot of the senders are anonymous.  Currently running T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S4 Version 4.4.2
I love this app. I've been using it for years now, on several different devices. Never had an issue. Set-up is fast and easy, and once it's configured, it works seamlessly in the background. Uses VERY little resources, too. Overall, I'm very happy with this app. Which reminds me...I believe a donation is in order. :)
Please update to work with KitKat, then I will give 5 stars
Highly recommended!
App said it backed up my text messages, I did a factory reset, and then went to restore the 1400 text messages on my device waited til the app finished the "restoring" process and there was NOTHING!
No backup for WhatsApp
Not compatible with kit kat
How come whatsapp doesn't back up anymore? Please help
Uploaded SMS messages to Gmail but will not Restore on the phone.  Acts as if it's restoring but when the message is opened, there are no messages inside. Lost all my messages.
App works really well, donated! Keep up the good work!
All this time I thought my stuff were being backed up I downloaded everything and nothing appears,  highly disappointed and frustrated.
Restore option doesn't work on android KitKat 4.4.2..... Plz fix it soon
Performed a backup, it shows in GMail, but when I do a restore, the messages show up for a second then disappear, and I have no SMS messages... what causes this? I am using Kitkat 4.4.2x.  Time for an update?
NO LONGER BACKS UP WHATSAPP SINCE MAR'14. Why no update since December 2013?
I've have used this app in my s3 for 2 years which has been great to use especially if I lost important messages and now I have received my new phone the Samsung S5, downloaded the app restored all messages, but I can't see any of my messages, please could this be fixed many thanks.
,
Its doesnt backing up Whatsapp.  Call log and sms at very low speed.
Link with gmail. Nice.
Good app, backs up to Google folder. Galaxy S5
Ahhh it's stopped backing up please fix it I love this app!!!!
Can depend on reliable saves even when not thinking about it.
Having trouble restoring messages on my HTC One M8.  Worked just fine on the Galaxy S4 before upgrading to KitKat
Just works!
i had use this app for 1 year ago, unfortunately can't get backup whatsapp since March. I need this app so much. If can get update or purchase it, i will give 5star again~!
Awesome
Bohuzel na Androidu 4.4 nefunguje.Na Androidu 4.3 super.Pokud prijde update,tak za 5*,takhle ale pouze 2.
This thing has saved me so many times over the years!
Always says There were no items to backup
On the first installation, after the configuration of the gmail account, i set the app to backup only the WhatsApp chat messages, but seems that the app can't retrieve the data (i have more the one conversation active during the test).
Tried a few different apps for backing up sms messages and this is a keeper.
Works great. Runs unnoticeably in the background.
Unfortunately, this once great program is not compatible with the latest versions of Android (4.4+). Will this application be kept up to date or is it time to start looking for something new?
WhatsApp backs itself up anyway so no loss there. I don't see the need to ever restore because I can see all backed up messages in Gmail just as easily so why bother to put them back into native messaging app.
I am using this app from the last one year and everything goes fine till that day when I update my SG Note 2 to Android 4.4 KitKat, the app not backed up anything and shows error "unable to connect". Now a useless app for those who are using with Android 4.4 KITKAT.
Very useful
Last time whatsapp was backed was on Mar 10th. Please fix this.
Haven't been able to use it at all.  It appears it's backing up and then restoring,  but nothing happens. I've tried several times,   I give up!
it has stopped taking backup doesn't back up even manually and keeps giving an error no use even after re installing!
I usually delete most texts and backup some every month. So recently cleared my texts then used this app to backup the rest. Checked next morning it had backed up 23,000 texts! Then my messaging kept freezing. Saw that all my old texts were back in my cell even from 2012 when I had another cell!  It took me all day with msg apps freezing everytime I tried to delete texts. Had to restart cell frequently. Finally got it cleared. Then went thru email backup to delete old texts. Scared to use app again!
Awesome way to keep mags
Dear Developer, Please give a solution. SMS, Call Log etc are not restoring in my Samsung Galaxy S5. What to do???
This is best apps for backinup the conversations
Shedule backup is not working and whatsapp data didnt get back up
I restored my sms from a karbonn A21 (android 4) to Sony xperia z1 compact (android 4.4) and this what happened. 1-Restored message threads : showed old messages first rather than new messages first.( this one needs a fix) 2- all message threads showed the date n time of restore rather than original ( not critical but if can be fixed will be super)
Excellent App
Need fix ASAP. Doesn't work at all on 4.4, makes it useless.
I am unable to sign in to my gmail account from this app. Cant even backup. It finally went thru, but now it's VERY slow and will only do about 100 texts at a time before it error out and then I have to start all over ( I have it set to ALL). Please help! The saved "SMS" texts in my google account only go as far as 100 texts back, is there a way to change that?
This app worked very well with my Galaxy Nexus. Now that I have the Galaxy S5 it won't restore messages.  IMAP is  enabled in Gmail & has been since I started using this app over 3 years ago.  I've emailed requesting assistance to resolve the issue I'm having but I haven't received a response.  I hope the creator is working on it so that this app works properly with Kit Kat. I'd be happy to update my rating & review then.
Backed up SMS and call logs on previous phone with 4.2 android. SMS backup+ is unable to restore the sms to KitKat 4.4.2. Numbers countdown just happens but no SMS is restored. Please fix. Else it works correctly.
When I first got my note 3 it restored properly. I had to send my phone for repair and now it fails to restore. I get blank threads rather than the actual texts.   I'm betting the other people are right and it's because of Kitkat. First time I restored my phone still had Jelly Bean.   5 star App just needs to be fixed.
But now that I've updated to the s5 it can't add any of my sms? It looks as though it's working but when I go into my messages it says (no messages) on everyone's message... hope this gets fixed soon! Other than that love this app
Another permissions change in 4.4.2 prevents the app from restoring texts saved in your gmail account.  From the Play store, download "App Ops Starter" and go into SMS Backup+.   You'll note every option other than "send mms" is enabled and green.  This is preventing Backup+ from having write permissions to the SMS database.  Enable that, start your restore and you'll notice your text messages populating again.  Aside from that, still a great app!
Not working on kitkat
I have had this app for years but I recently got the Note 3 phone and tried to restore my msgs and it downloaded but it was all phone numbers none of the messages, but the messages are also saved to my gmail. Can you please help
I backed up my messages on my phone and It didn't do anything! I have wonderful memories of me and my gf and now I can't get them back because this app doesn't work!
Nice
Are there any more stars ?  I want to add this to 10stars. :)
SINCE Feb SMS BACKUP+ IS NOT BACKING UP MY WHATS APP MSGS
Whatsapp backup is not working...please do something about it... There are already so many users complaining about it....
It's so frustrating! It find 9400 messages, but says that they are duplicates and never restore them to my new HTC ONE MAX. I have emailed Jan Berkel, still have not received a response. I can see all the messages in my GMAIL, but can't get them to my phone.
Lost all sms on my galaxy s5 :(
Its says there is 900 odd SMS saved to be restored but nothing hsppens when its finished the process...I can see all SMS in gmail though..how do I get them back!?
Unable to connect to Gmail. Can't see authorising gmail page after selecting gmail account. HTC Rhyme, ice cream sandwich
Worked great until the last Android Update to 4.4. Further the backup of WhatsApp is broken too.
Great tool to take backup of sms and call log automatically. I love it.
Doesn't work properly on Samsung S5, it's a real shame. I really enjoyed this app. I will revise rating after fix is in place. Keep up the great work.
Works efficiently. Love this product.
The backup splits conversations into batches of 100 in the mail, which is quite ok. However, the restoration splits conversations into sent and received messages, which is really annoying in my opinion.
Very nice app
Good App.
Tried and tested. Works every time !!
I've been using this app since when I found it on 2 yrs back. All the functions are worked fine till last update.  Now whatsapp not getting backed up.
Didn't restore my sms from gmail. Support person did not reply.
I followed all of the directions, but nothing showed up in Hangouts on my new phone.   Thank goodness i also used the free "My Backup", just in case.   I had to pay for the pro in order to restore the data to a different phone, but i did get all of my SMS/MMS data restored.   I don't know why Google doesn't facilitate transferring data, such as SMS & call logs.    It seems a natural for them.
Developer is please note , from 9th of November this app ain't working ! When I click on backup , it does not back up whatsapp
Need back up for what's app currently backup on gmail is  not working
How come its only backing up the last 2 messages from a specific person
I have used this app before and worked great, I have now gone to restore my Note 3 and all I am getting is names appearing in the messages folder but no sms messages there when I select the name. Developers, whats going on?!
The best app. I have ever used
Nice
The only time I needed this to work it didn't. I have 24,000 SMS messages backed up. This says it downloads them all to restore (and takes about an hour to do so), then it says it only restored 1 item. If I look in messages app,  there are empty conversations for all my contacts. Also they are all time stamped as time of restore, basically making this worthless.
Whatsapp cannot backup start from Mar 2014, y?????
Please help! I've backed up messages once from this app. But i loosed its data after upgrading to 4.4 but now it doesn't restore my messages or call logs. The account is the same and I've loged in to the account through browser and i found the messages and call logs but the app just can't restore them. What can i do please?
Flawless
Used to work fine but after updatinf 4.4 it is not able to restore messages.Only contacts no. is restored not the message rather it displays "untitled"where it should display message.
Gr8 app, need to add viber too..
It backed up sms but it doesnt restore em..it restored one and said others were dups. Whatsapp backup doesnt work.
Whatsapp backup doesn't work since 19 Feb 2014, whatsapp updated.
I will update my review when it will work on kitkat!
And it's no longer automatically backing up.  I receive an error and have to manually do it every time.  Anyone else having this issue?  It worked perfectly on my Droid Razr.  I will continue to use it, but I don't understand why it's not automatically backing up on my Galaxy S4.  I too will give 5 stars when MMS is backed up.
I've been using this app for almost a year.  Love it!  However, ever since I upgraded to KitKat, it stopped backing up all my texts.  Please find a fix ASAP!
I love the way the app syncs SMS and call log to your gmail it even creates the call log details on calendar which is awesome nice app.
Can not restore on Kitkat 4.4.2 Pls upgrade asap :(
Best backup app
Needs fix restores senders names in text puts oldest texts first but when you open texts there are no messages.
Back everything up. Took almost an hour. Reset phone to Factory settings. It brought back all the names of who I texted but no info in the actual texts. FAIL FAIL FAIL. Oh well I hope there wasn't anything important. LOL
Doesn't restore onto my s4.  Fix this issue and I'll give 5 stars.
Superb app totally indispensable for me.
After connecting to my gmail account I initially hit 'skip' instead of backup because I wanted to take a look at all the settings first. This messed everything up and backup would not work.  MAKE SURE you select backup and not skip when you're first running the app.
Sms backup works just fine.  WhatsApp backup is a bit iffy, but then that has backup inbuilt.
Backs up all my SMS to gmail so I can search my gmail for any important SMS.
Was able to backup all my SMS/MMS to Gmail no problem... but now that I need to restore those same messages I can't.  As others have stated it will say it restored everything when it actually doesn't.  Running KitKat 4.4.2 (CM11)
Does not work 100% with new android update. WhatsApp not backing up anymore
Does not restore on KitKat.
all of you who have problems with SMS restore on KitKat, go to privacy guard settings and allow SMS write for SMS Backup+!  enjoy :)
Cant use it because of kit kat ..Please fix...
The only reason I gave this app 1 star is because I couldn't give it a -5.  This app doesn't work with the new KitKat android version.  Won't backup anything on my phone.  Useless.  Please update and I'll use the app, until then, I'm searching for something that will backup my texts to Gmail.
please fix the restore process to start from the old to latest messages and calls because after restore i see the very old messages and calls first! thanks and sorry for my bad english! great app
I backed up all my texts, probably around 19,000 & none of them go back when I press the restore button except for the contact threads but no texts in them? Why is that? They are saved on my email, I can check them there. My IMAP is enabled, why is it not going through? I even changed the settings on the app from XOAuthenified. Please fix!!! I want them restored on my phone again!!
After Updating to KitKat can't restore my old SMS. It dose restore messages but all are completely empty.
Much improved
On KitKat, calls restore just fine but SMS do not.  I'm sure an update will fix this small issue.
Very nice application
Samsung Note 3
I've used this app to transition my info across 6 android devices in 2 years and have had no trouble. Great app!
This app used to get a 5 star. After kit Kat, I couldn't get the app to restore my messages I have naked up on my Gmail.
Nice to use... It automatically backups messages and call log to Gmail label.  Thanks to Author.
TRASH!!!!!Backed up text messages from Nexus 4 to Gmail.  Installed this app on new Nexus 5.  Attempted to restore SMS, MMS, and call logs to Nexus 5.  No SMS/MMS restored at all!!!  None! SMS briefly appears then immediately disappears upon use. Tried multiple SMS apps.  Won't restore/appear in Hangouts either. If it can't work on a nexus then this app is pathetic. Yes I enabled IMAP.
Used to backup SMS, call log and WhatsApp. But the latter stops in March. Not the only one apparently (read reviews). Please fix.
Backed up sms and call logs on JB 4.3, can't restore them on KitKat 4.4.2. Used to work so well though. Pity.
SMS Backup +is a wonderful app. Can you make the auto backup enabled to backup incoming sms to be backup up in real time as they arrive and outgoing sms too backed up when you click send button instead of waiting for three minutes to auto backup. Call logs can also be backed up after termination of a call. Since it backups sms, MMS and  call logs you might need to change its name by removing the word "sms"
I downloaded the application upon the recommendation of customer service.  I have attempted to restore all of my text messages several times and have been unsuccessful.   Please help.
Gmail keeps everything for u
Hello team after DA recent  update its not updating any chat in wats app please look into dis  n rectify soon
Nowa days..its not taking backup automatically. I'm doing manually click on backup. Please correct this error.
I've had this app for the last few yrs. And since my galaxy note 3 has upgraded the software to 4.4 Gmail sms backup + no longer will restore my sms messages like it would do in the past . It restored my call log n favorites.  Please fix this .for Now my review of this app goes back down to a 3 rating.
Love this app
I used this before and it worked wonders...  I updated my HTC One to android 4.4.2 and conducted a factory reset.  And all the other reviews are correct. It fails to work with 4.4.2. I lost all my important sms messages because of this isssue...
An absolute must have application.
The call log works but the SMS doesn't work at all, I get an empty SMS entry for all of my contacts even when they have never send me a SMS before.
I backed up all my texts using this app before doing a factory reset on my phone. Upon restoring my texts after the reset, two things happened: first, only the texts that I sent people were actually restored. So it was like I'd been having a conversation with myself for months. No point in having those if I don't know what the other person was saying to me. And secondly, they all restored backwards - the most recent texts were at the top of my conversations(with myself), but still used the oldest dates. /:
It backs up all calls and texts and it has never failed me! I love it!!
Please check Whatapp messages are not backed up..
It doesn't work with Kit Kat. Very bad, because I'll have to choose another app
Great App...
I've been using this app for awhile, switching Roms and what not.   Only thing is now I can't restore my texts because I'm using KitKat. Usually a 5 star app
Waiting for kitkat update as my 4.4.2 doesn't restore any sms
Workd once, was pleased but now asking for authorization code. Asks me to allow updates through google account but still nt wrking. Reinstalled twice!
Unfortunately the app doesn't seem to have kept itself up-to-date with all the integration points and as such doesn't fluidly function anymore. I used to rely on this app. It was a set once in the background, then forget, kind of app. If WhatsApp backup and the restore problems mentioned by others are rectified, as well as adjusting to be more in line with how modern Android sync-type apps work, then I would restore to 5 stars.
Awsome work, thanks.
I installed SMS Backup and it has been doing a great job of backing up my text messages to my Google account, and I can read the actual text messages. Today I replaced my Galaxy S4 with the Galaxy S5. When i did the restore, all of the text message headers were restored, but not the actual messages.  How do you restore the text?
Backup was fine.  Restore looked like it was working but all it restored was the contact and phone numbers.   Useless... hope they come up with a fix ASAP.
Does all but no backup of whatsapp :-( please look into this :-(
AAA software!!!
I just love the way I can clear my mobile  inbox and still find all my SMS in gmail when required.
Must have app. Wish this could be part of OS itself !!
Please fix this issue! I've noticed many people ate having the same problem.
Please add the whataaps autoback up again.
The problem is that it stopped backing up! I dont know what to do,i tried other apps like this one but still nothing work 4 me
Good for sms back up
I really hate to rate this so poorly because it has worked so well in the past, but it is not restoring anything right now.  No call logs or SMS messaging history are being restored.  Can you please help?
Simple and reliable
Please update no kitkat support
Whatsapp msgs not getting backed up in gmail
Batch of 13k+ txt msgs- cnxn failed B4 app did. Love it! HTC Incredible (edit) 2 years & 2 phones later & still the best I've found.
Backs up and restores everything. But the order the messages are displayed in is reversed.
You need to enable in app ops. Great application, I plan to donate the next time I credit my account :-) thank you
I upgraded to new HTC M8 and it shows its restoring my sms but after it finishes, it doesn't show any of my old sms. Please fix. Thanks
it backup sms, restore sms it backup whatsapp, BUT it don't RESTORE whatsapp
Its backing up sms, call log and calender but not whatsapp messages. It has backed up my whatsapp messages previously. I have checked unchecked whatsapp option setting. Still no luck. Can anyone tell me why its not working?
The only problem I've noticed is that restored messages are replaced in reverse order
I just got a Samsung Galaxy S5 and nothing restored to it other than the list of numbers messages came from, but all of those are empty.
I very been waiting for this feature  since mobile phone appeared.  the auto back up and group filter are a plus
Not backing up whatsapp.
Works as intended. No glitches. Simple sms backup.
sajnos nalam is forditott sorrendben allitotta vissza az sms-eket :( par hete, masik telefonnal meg tokeletesen mukodott.
I have used this app for a couple of years and rated 5* BUT just got a new Android V4.4 (KitKat) phone and now it wont restore the saved texts on Gmail. It still backs up but not restoring old messages
Please fix the restore function for kitkat! I did a factory reset on my phone tonight thinking I could easily restore my messages but I was wrong. They are all still in my gmail but the phone says they are all duplicates when trying to restore so it doesn't bring any of them in. Please fix!!
I have a Samsung galaxy s4 active and have android kit kat and tried to restore my text messages and it wouldn't work.  This app works well on my other phone my HTC one without kit kat. I would have given 5 stars if it worked with kit kat.
My Tablet goes crazy this morning, had it bootloop and no options than to restore into factory settings. This app was made from heaven, SMS history is very important to me, and now this app is restoring without a problem. So I'm now sit back and relax, waiting for the restoration to complete....
But it now gives an error periodically on my Samsung Galaxy S4 that I rarely (if ever) saw on my HTC EVO 4G.  I'll try to remember to post/submit the exact error message next time I see it.
Great one, shame as of apr '14 still won't fully work on kitkat (WhatsApp never even attempts a backup) , but I trust a fix is under work, so keep my 5 stars vote for now :-D
Great app but does not work when restoring sms to kit kat. Hope this is fixed soon and I can recover my backed up messages
No words to xplain this.. Really dng nice...
  Gmail    .
This seems to be a great app.  however it is not backing up group messages and I can't figure out why.
Love it,  Please update to support kit Kat so I can get all my old messages.  Thanks!
Good application
Everything is working perfectly for me and backing up all of my text messages in my email, I love it!
Upgraded to a new phone won't restore SMS not compatible with Kit Kat
I just finished upgrading to the S5 backed up all needed sms and now go to restore. Contacted sms are restored though the actually texts are not. Only shows whom you have had contact with other then that forget it did not pass any of the messages over
Used to work great now won't restore.  Says duplicates found and saves as blank messages. Are you working on a fix???
Does not backup whatsapp messages any more. :(
WhatsApp backup no longer work?? It has been quite some time it doesn't sync anymore.
I backed up all my messages then I wiped my phone and put on a new ROM. When I restored the messages they were all there BUT, with no text.. The actual messages were gone leaving just numbers so I don't know whose number it is. What a troll of a program which has caused me horrific hassle now. Useless.. I'm extremely disappointed
The application is exactly what it says. It privies you a simple interface for backing up your text messages and calls.   I have been using it for more than two years and on more than five different phones and have always had a pleasurable experience.
Doesn't work
I was helping
It doesn't seem to work on 4.4.3 , ugh! Luckily there is another app SMS backup and restore that does the job just right!!
my whtsapp msgs have suddenly stopped getting backedup. the developer should fix this problem. otherwise its a good app
Not working with new Whatsapp version. But is solve this problem with other app.i think developer should include it as part of app.
I love this app.  I have had it for years.   It works fine and backs up everything.  I did notice that after whatsapp updated it stoped backing up my whats app conversations.  If you could please fix that it would be great.  It still backs up my call log and my SMSs
Not working on Kitkat
Simple and effective.
This was such a nice app that could backup even the WhatsApp messages but now it is unable to do so. So please fix the problem. Thank you.
It groups some of my messages and then leaves a bunch by themselves. .... also if we could export our messages I would give this a five star
Very nice app
Does exactly as expected !
It excellent
Just what I wanted thanks for a good functional app with good configuration options
I've been a happy user of this app for almost 2 years, and the added support for also saving Whatsapp messages few months back was like cherry on a cake. But since past few days, the backup for Whatsapp isn't working. Any help? Tried on stock as well as cm7.2 roms on Galaxy ace.
I've used this for years ... But has stopped working in Kit Kat for restoring ...
I've used this app in the past with great success, but it doesn't seem to restore correctly on the Galaxy S 5. I get all the names and numbers of conversations,  but there are no times and no message content. Backed up from an HTC One with Android 4.3.
Backed up perfectly!
I got a new galaxy s5. And was trying to get my messages to my new phone... It was counting the numbers and everything... but when it was done... no messages appeared in my new phone..... :/ :/
Superb app. Can be linked with gmail account with folder option synchronised all data SMS MMS & Call log. Also possible to restore or backup.
On every device I buy
Didn't restore properly on galaxy s5.. fix???????
Using for five years. Perfect.
I am unable to take whats app Backup and it is Showing Never in Advance Setting
Incomeing msgs is not uploding in gmail...
The app always worked perfectly before going up to Kit Kat on M8. The app says it is restoring messages, but does not appear in messaging app.
Everyone you need to install a program called AppOps 4.3/4.4, then install on phone.  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.colortiger.appopsinstaller Open app opps and go to message tab on right side. select SMS Backup + and allow write. It works fantastic. Read more about it on http://www.reddit.com/r/htcone/comments/1yocpb/for_those_of_you_that_used_smsbackup_on_43_here/
I cannot say how amazing this app is.  I HAD an Android phone and now have an iphone.  I mourn the theft of my HTC, but I miss this app more.  I get a lot of vital information via text.  I miss being able to search through them in my gmail.  The fact the images and movies that were sent, were archived as well.  This was beyond perfect for me.  I can only fantasize about an iphone version.
A great app, I love it. I can't seem to get the Autobackup to run on my Galaxy Note 3. Trying to figure out how to contact Jan while leaving 5 stars, because I assume I ticked a box wrong somewhere...
This app has been great until 7 March. It stopped backing up Whatsapp messages. I've re-installed. logged out. Now I'm just gonna delete it. It still backs up calls & SMS but its pointless backing up SMS as Whatsapp is my dominant messaging platform. I've Tweeted Google but they never reply anyway. I've learnt these last few months that if we have an Android problem. Its sort it yourself.
Restored all sms but all are blank!
Would like to see more restore options, for instance only the last 2 weeks.
good
Have been using for a year now. Has saved me on many occasions
Now whatapp is not backing up as they have changed their backup file name. Plz look into
As someone who hates deleting messages, this is amazing.
WhatsApp autobackup not happening ...please check.   Rest all is perfect.
WhatsApp not working with update
It seems like I can't backup whatsapp anymore. Any known issue about it?
This is a MUST HAVE program.  Does not need root access, is not specific to any model, all you need is a data connection and a GMail account.  For Kit Kat, if restore fails, please see pyzro's comment in: https://github.com/jberkel/sms-backup-plus/issues/438
Good
works as it says it does
After whatsapp update only whatsapp msgs not getting backed up. Rest is working fine
I Downloaded the stock SMS messaging as I had on My galaxy nexus i9250 and now it won't restore my text to my  new nexus 5  Will rerate 5 stars after fixing this
Messages don't restore on kit Kat. Apparently there's a beta on github that fixes this issue, but my phone is not rooted so that does me no good. How about you stop dragging your feet and share some of that beta love with the loyal users of this app who are now up a creek without a paddle? Other apps have long since fixed this issue...
Whats going on with whatsapp backup ?
Love it
Since the kit kat update this application stopped working. It appears as of messages get synced, but then they are nowhere to be found. I hope the dev can sorry this out since this was my app of choice for this matter.
Got a new note 3 with kit kat but all my restored sms are not showing up.
SMS restore does not work on my 4.4 One Max. I hope this gets fixed soon.
There are better options available in the market. .
New phone HTC m8 will not restore my sms..please fix!!
Can't restore on kitkat
Superb.....
Not compatible with Kit Kat.  Please fix this problem, as it deletes all messages as soon as the program is finished restoring.  This is very frustrating, I've always enjoyed this app but now i'm very agitated.
thanks
am unable to backup ma whatsapp messages after i upgraded the App. what should i do now?
I've used this app for about a year and a half and it's worked perfectly ever since I installed it on my EVO 3D all that time ago. Thanks for such a wonderful app developers. You have made a nostalgic man like myself very happy.
What's app no longer backups up
Good App
It was working good b4 but now  It says check if IMAP is activated. I uninsalled and re installed it but problem prevails.
Reliable, set & forget.  Configurable enough to keep different phone's backups separate.
everything is working fine except whatsapp!!!  can't see any whatsapp massage in gmail !!! i've also unchecked everything except whatsapp in advance settings->backup setting ... app is showing "there were no items to backup" ....
i was so happy by using this app, because my sms, whats apps chats and calls logs are regularly going in my gmail, but now its not taking my whats app backup, please fix this. for now 3 star
Easy to backup abd restore
Does what is says it does and works very well, with multiple phones to the same account.  I love the calendar feature for tracking my work calls. I just wish I could somehow mark the SMS as unread in my Inbox with the SMS label, so it works as a single point of SMS notifications for both phones. Maybe a future version... :) Great work team!
The Whatsapp team changed the name of the db file, which means that SMS Backup won't work after mid March 2014. Go to the Google + page for SMS Backup + where a fix can be found
Imap is also enabled but not signing in.
Whatsapp backup not working now, plsss upgrade for whatsapp backup
Not working on KitKat. Will rate again once an update is available.
As mentioned before, the messages are restored in a reverse order. Due to this I uninstall the application which I used last two years, and bought another.
Excellent
What app back up stopped after 2nd Feb... Look into it urgently
The best!
Just realised that despite the relevant options being selected, my WhatsApp messages have stopped being backed up since 3rd March. Pressing Backup says "There were no items to backup" I also had a previous problem in the past where this app would not obey the backup schedule I set. You need to be able to trust and rely on a backup app and unfortunately I can't trust this one to backup as per my settings. Maybe it's because of KitKat but if so the dev should have planned for this.
It backs up everything, but whatsapp...any idea?
Gud
Not work on 4.4.2
It's a great app, but recently since I've updated to Kitkat it is not backing up my WhatsApp messages.
No more issues with your messages
I have an issue...previously i had installed the software on samsung ace now i installed a fresh copy of software on Videocon A55HD but i am getting error message as Error during backup/restore: Unable to connect.  IMAP and pop both are enabled on the gmail account  I am using same email as i was using on my other set. Please help
Sms restore doesn't work on KitKat
Whats app, Mes and call logs have stopped being updated please come up with a fix soon.
Love it so far
After restoring SMS , they are not appeared in sorted date order. Is there any solution to this ?
Indispensable however how do I backup Whatsapp group chats???
Where is my sms upgraded to 4.4
This app used to be fantastic for me. But now suddenly I can't use it. It always says cant connect whenever I try to restore or backup.
Amazing app
One of the best apps for android
The App is Great, but not restoring the messages after Kitkat update. I took the backup of the messages &  upgraded to KitKat.  I can't get my old SMSes restored. If I open Messaging during the restoring process, I can see messages coming in, but after restoration get finished all the messages get disappear. I have hangouts disabled so that shouldn't be an issue. I hope this gets fixed soon!
I can't believe it is free. Does what I need. Easy to use. Galaxy4s.
It automatically synchronizing the call log and messages to gmail and creates the separate label and easy to access the data. ..
another waste of time app....sigh!
This is a great app, very stable and non-obtrusive. But, just recently the Whatsapp backup is not working. The developer hasn't fixed this in a while. He can offer a paid version, then perhaps he'll fix things quicker.
Very nice app... the auto backup doesnt work for me though... not a big issue in any case...
Used to be the best but doesn't work with Kit Kat
I have been using this app for over 2 years and recommended it so many of my friends who were switching their smartphones frequently. I switched my phone to KitKat 4.4.2 yesterday - and sadly it doesn't work. And got to know the reason too. I don't want to root my phone. Please release an update with the Write SMS permissions.
Dear developer, is this app open-source? You should mention it on app description - this one of the main deciding factors for some people, when choosing an app :)  The app itself works very good and is irreplaceable. Haven't tested automatic backups though.
I was really satisfied with SMS Backup+ the last time I factory resetted my nexus 4 last year. This time, however, it restored none of my text messages (call logs are restored successfully though). I do see text messages saved in my gmail account, but have no idea how to restore them to my handset. Hope it's fixed soon. If it seems to be impossible to fix the issue, please let me know how to restore the messages manually.
Excellent
A must have. I always install it first. Does wha it says. Until sometime in 2014 when it just stopped working somehow... :-(
This is a fantastic app that I have used on three different phones. Lets you keep all your important sms messages. Brilliant!!!!
Its a gr8 app, and was able to backup everything to gmail, but for last 15 days it is no more able to backup whatsapp data. Please fix this.
It was good and reliable but since KitKat it won't restore my messages whether I use the native app or hangouts. Just says messages restored but nothing gets restored.
I have been using this app for 11 months and i must say, i really like it and it does what it's supposed to do. However, 2 weeks ago, whatsapp is no longer getting backed up... please check and resolve the issue
Wonderful app except I cant view any large texts that were converted into a differnet format. :( please help! I want to view or backup these files
Excellent
After what's app s latest update,  it is not possible to make the backup in Gmail.  Kindly resolve.   Regards,   Leo
Whatsapp backup is now not working after updating...Please solve this problem..!!!
messages after upgrading to Kitkat 4.4.2
This is a cool app but no longer backup WhatApp ..
Was a good app but restore doesn't work on new nexus 5 phone. No mention in the description that it wouldn't work.
The app no longer does a backup of the Whatsapp messages. I did a reinstall and even that did not help. Call logs and SMS backup work fine though.
Amazing app for sms,  call back up. Need to work for wats app back up as its not getting done back up like sms and call log.
Low resolution icon on KitKat needs to be fixed.
Watsapp messages are not getting backed up.
Since Android update both HTC One and Samsung S3 failed to backup the whatsapp content. SMS, MMS and Call Logs still working fine. Previous versions it worked superbly.
SMS, MMS, and call log backup fine. SMS restores as blank MMS then disappears. Hoping this bug is fixed. I've found this app to be very useful.
Using Nexus 5 with 4.4.2. And moved across to Hangouts. Says it's restoring and goes through the motions but actually it doesn't write the changes to Hangouts. Even if you tap the option to Import SMS in Settings > SMS. All still saved nicely to SMS Label in GMail, however. Could this be fixed? I've been the app's greatest advocate but can it be sorted please?
Except for some WhatsApp backup failure it worked pretty good for me.
This application is great, but it stopped backing up Whatsapp. Please fix
What's app not backing up. Really great app, best app i'v found that does exactly what I want it to do but since I installed on my Samsung Galaxy Grand 2.  It does not back up my what's app messages ! Therefore only rating 2 star as I mostly use what's app instead of sms , please fix this problem and then will rate 5 stars.
Not backing up Whatsapp anymore any update on it? realised after the current update on whatsapp it doesn't back it up anymore. Anything different to do?? Thanks
Not kit kat compatible
Excellent app!!
On some contacts only backed up my messages sent not received. Others backed up perfectly. Luckily all the ones I needed restored just fine. I still don't feel completely at peace with a gamble on what messages won't get saved.
Restore just doesn't work
Loved this on previous phone but issues on my galaxy note 3. Developer won't respond to my request for help. Glad I didn't pay for this...looking for a new app to use to backup to gmail. Suggestions???
SMS restore doesn't work. It just adds empty conversations without actually adding their messages
App has never failed me. And the fact it uses my Gmail to put my info right at my finger tips is great. This app has been used on several different phones. EVO 4G, Galaxy epic touch, and my newest...galaxy note 3
Wah
Please fix whatsapp backup
Backup is great but Restore still has some issues, not all messages transferred from S+ to Note 3. But nice useful app
Great app. But why whatsapp back doesnt backup at all even though i selected whatsapp in settings?
This is an awesome app. It does exactly what it says. But sadly, since March 2014, it seems Whatsapp or Google may have made a change to their coding resulting in the backup of whatsapp messages failing. Else this app would get 7 stars!!  All the other backup features work as advertised. That's the good news!
This app doesn't backup my full conversation ,it only backup's my send item SMS but it doesn't backup's my received sms.   My phone's operating system is android 4.1.1
please make it working ... this app is not backing up the Whatsapp conversation on gmail anymore after a new update from whatsapp.
Doesn't automatically backup anymore. Samsung galaxy s4 android 4.3
App
Helped me countless times. Not sure if the developer will be updating to support Google Hangout.
This works awesome and is probably one of my favourite android apps of all time. Currently the whatsapp backup does not work due to the new update. Hopefully it will get fixed soon!
Simply the easiest and best SMS backup to Gmail / cloud I have used . . . . thank you !!!?
Five Star
Poor support. After 5months it didn't update for support KitKat.
I bang up phones all the time. Without this app I would've lost everything.
Works great. Does exactly what it says...
backup for whatsapp working or not? how to setting for backup whatsapp
Really great app, best app iv found that does exactly what I want it to do but since I installed on my Samsung Note 3 it does not back up my what's app messages! Therefore only rating 2 star as I mostly use what's app instead of sms, please fix this problem and will then rate 5 stars
Awesome app
Simply good fr get the sms backup
Sometimes it mixes up date order in thread
Can't restore messages!!!!!!!!
This is the third time I've upgraded phones and this app is one of the core ones I use!
Great just doesn't back up msgs word for word
5ster
Cannot live without..... I cannot tell you the its the best app on my life
Why is not working any more on backing up Whatsapp?
So I have to say I have never had a problem with this backup app! But it would be awesome to have a more targeted restore feature. So that I can pick which contact I want restored!
Lets me wipe my phone to clean it up without loosing my messages
Works much better than the other "Backup to Gmail" app I was using before.
your software has saved me a lot of time and hassle. thank you!
The Whatsapp backup is the main feature I use this app.  With it no longer working, I find little use for it.  It would be nice to hear back from developers on this.  Thanks.
How to restore back the WHATAPPS history from backup, sms can be success to restore back but how about WHATAPPS  ???
After kitkat update , whatsapp messages aren't getting backed up. Please fix.
WhatsApp backup no longer works. I only noticed it now, so im guessing it happened after the last update.
Used to love this app. Now it constantly errors when trying to connect and won't auto backup ever.
Auto back up for SMS is extremely useful to!
Been using it for years and am still loving it!
when i try to backup whats app it says 'nothing to backup' ny help?
since the last WhatsApp update, can't be backup to Gmail, will ya fixed it
Won't restore to kitkat nexus 5.
If fails to take whatsapp back up, tried reinstalling, no solution so far.  May be it requires an update.
Excelent to keep a call log and copies of your sms and mms on your gmail account. Not able to get whatsapp back up. But excellent as is
Simple  No bells, no whistles. Just a lean, mean SMS backup machine.  Best there is, as far as I'm concerned.
its nice app work perfectly, but for new Whats app messages it doesnt work for whats app group message. Please check that.
This app has saved my a$$ so many times.  Thank you
The App worked perfectly until the 9th March after which the WhatsApp Messages stopped being backed up. Can the developer please look into it... Correct it and you get a 5, 6 may be if allowed :P
Good apps...
I recently changed networks abd from a Galaxy S2 to a S4 and untill now all my texts were being saved. I have it set to save only one of my contacts..but now its only saving my sent texts and not my incoming...help please!!!"5 stars otherwise
Doesn't work well with kitkat. Backed up my messages and when I restored them, it only created new empty threads and thats it.
I cannot restore my SMS on a Nexus 5, Android 4.4.2. Such a shame. It used to work on previous Android versions
Needs to work with Hangouts SMS
It's the best.
Backsuptext
Works as stated. Getting sign on error some time.
There's an app named Whatsapp DB crypt converter which will do the job for all of you. Hope it helps.
I am having problem in restoring my SMS from Gmail.
I used this app and it backed up SMS call log and whatsapp. But when I did an update, whatsapp doesn't work anymore. Even when all the settings are set to backup.  5 stars if you can get that sorted. Great app otherwise
You saved my butt! Thanks! Must have app!
Its so good to keep backup plan always.
Used to work ad described, but stopped working after the new whatsapp update.
Can you make an option to download text only or call logs only.
SMS works great, just really slow with backup and restore. Other apps do the same thing, but are much faster. MMS is not yet supported which means this works for 70% of my messages, but the other 30% is lost forever. Missing this functionality is critical, and for the time it takes to do what it can it really isn't worth it.   Get full MMS restore support (multimedia and group) and speed it up, then this would get 5 stars.
Nice
To be installed all mobile its very good software
Hie frds
What happened to whatsapp support ?? I am unable to backup my whatsapp conversations now ?
Call logs are working but SMS restore is not working..
I bought a new phone and found it's nonfunctional with KitKat. Now I have ~21K messages that I can't restore to my phone. So sad.
I needed to save a lot of texts before deleting them and this app worked perfectly. I like how it backs up my MMS too :)
So I pressed 'Restore' after losing all my messages and after it did it, it said successfully restored  1items (368 dups). The word 'dup' means duplicate does it not? Anyway,  It did restore anything even after few attempts. This is bugging me now. Also, I checked on my gmail account, and the messages are on there, so I don't know why they aren't fully restoring.  Any help would be appreciated! Thanks
But I think recent changes by Whatsapp have made this app unable to access/sync Whatsapp messages.
You need to enable it to be used as an sms app and then it will work!.. In the mean time Helium from clockworkmod is the best option alternative!..
Loved it, been using it for a while now, but recently it hasn't been baking up anything automatically
Still waiting! Love app.  Have used it on multiple cell phones.
Great app. Does everything except backup group chats from WhatsApp. Once that is included, it'll be perfect.
It doesn't work with whatsapp anymore. My last backup was 10 days ago.
used to be a great app. i'll give it 5 stars when the whatsapp backup works
It is useless for kit kat when re store messages
Love it SOOO MUCH i donated... that's how sweet it is!  It's easy to be in fast simple to find in your email folder 100 percent happy never had to force close. Always reliable! Doesn't duplicates or make unnecessary editions
Used it before on my note 2. Installed it after I refreshed my phone. Now cannot backup my messages. No auto or manual backup possible. Says 'there were no items to backup'. Checked the log but contains only lines like: 18-03 23:39 Starting backup (MANUAL) 18-03 23:39 Skipped (no items found)
I used this app with my Samung Galaxy Prevail and loved it. After switching phones this app no longer functioned correctly. It would back my SMS up and they would not show up in Gmail. It also would not restore them back to my phone. Very disappointed .
1,2,3, Done
This is the worst app I have ever seen! All of you that gave it 5 stars are the devs buddies! It restores nothing but worthless names that can't be deleted, and contain not one letter of text, yet this piece of crap refers to them as "conversations", don't waste your time. It says it doesn't support MMS yet, but apparently it doesn't support SMS either!
I've been using this app for years now and its pretty amazing. Ever since I upgraded to KitKat, it stopped backing up all my texts. Can the developer please look into this and find a fix ASAP?!
It doesn't take a backup of everything that is promised by the app! My whatsapp msgs are not backed up since mid feb! Worst experience.....
Hi I have a probelm I can't synchronize my whatsapp msg's  Do you know what is the reason? Until last week every thing was synchornized fine  Thanks
i am unable to backup whatsapp messages from one week, it shows there were no items to backup...........................
I backed up prior to restoring my phone to factory settings.  When I restored it, all I see are the people that sent me the texts, but it's blank. It does not show any content. What a waste! Did this couple times not even touching the hangouts.
It was working before KitKat. Now Im not able to restore my sms n everything
Has served me well though 3 different phones.
Backup works as a charm for me and I can see all call logs and sms'es in my gmail account. However when I restore I noticed that sent date is set to 01/01/1970. Received date is fine so depending what app you use for SMS and how you set it (I had it to view sent date) it might cause problems.
I hit skip at the initial backup need a way to get around that without uninstalling
Can't get it to restore all messages from my old ICS phone. Really frustrating that it allows install on kit Kat but doesn't actually work.
Was working great. . But since the new version of whats app.  Auto back up does not work.  Please update.
I trust this app for sms backup but now this no more working with kitkat 4.4.2 please fix i am not able to restore sms  from long time why you people not updating your app for kitkat  i email you guys but still didn't got the solution very sad for me    Hoping for the best ... And good response from u guys take care
That's amazing app, love it, automatically backup whole of log.
Before the last update my whatsapp conversations it was alright. But after it my whatsapp convos are not being backed up. Please fix this issue. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app again but it's not just working out.
I used to be able to successfully select a group in Gmail to backup, as I need it for divorce/child support proof, and it would work, flawlessly. Now, it doesn't work at all! Continuously says 0 items to backup...even though there are new messages I need to record. Fix the problem, please!
Did backup on sms & call log, sync with gmail, restored on new phone  no problem!  Activated new phone, everything is here no problem! Thanks!
Used the app for years on my Galaxy S2 and it backs up the texts as needed on my Nexus 5 with Textra.
Nice
I have used this app for over 3 years. Every phone call made or received, all text messages sent and received and now all my Whatsapp messages all in my GMail account. This is a great app that allows me to store my phone data in my Google account. Keep up the good work!! But I cannot backup my WhatsApp messages. Please fix.
I have the same problem as David Stevens SMS backup doesnt work at all.When it's restoring i see messages ''flowing'' but then none (i tried dfferent sms clients like 8 SMS, default SMS from Nexus 4 = stock and rooted- , client from cyanogen on Nexus 4, standard SMS from Galaxt s4, 8 SMS on galaxy S4, Hangouts and still nothing,can't restore).Call log works fine but the main thing this program should do isn't working
no backup what,s app
This app holds up in court if you need to print a hard copy.
edit: The restore does not work right now in kitkat update on Galaxy S4. App worked wonderfully prior to this update. Hopefully the dev will get it working again. I'll leave it at 5 stars for now as this app has given me lots of reliable service in the past. Does backups reliably and you can see your texts in a gmail folder too.
It had been backing up SMS, Call Logs &  whatsapp however since the latest update its not backing up whatsapp .:(
Please update...im having trouble restoring my sms. Please do update...im using kitkat (android 4.4.2)
Not able to restore sms massages that I have backed up previously.
Whatsapp is not backing up.
Awesme aplicatn
Messages download, the app counts them. But in stock messaging app they appear for a brief flash only and are gone. If opened in Handcent SMS they stay listed but only the senders are visible and message bodies are gone. Using Galaxy Nexus GSM (Maguro), CM11 Snapshot 4.
Whatsapp auto backup is not working . Please send the update sooner . Please clear the issue .
its very usefull in my nexus S, but in Galaxy note 3, can not backup the received SMS. In note3, it just only can backup the SMS which send by note3, but cannot backup the SMS which received by note3.
For the ease and operation absolutely the best. Pay for it!
As above.
After updating to the lastest version of Whatsapp, the whatsapp backup has stopped working.
I'm constantly getting the IO error and I just installed the app. Deleting it and getting a better one
cant restore messages after 4.4.2 upgrade please fix :(
...BUT in order to get it to work with KitKat you need to go into App Ops and Allow it to write to the SMS DB (by default is is Denied access) - so that is why folks are seeing the problem where it SEEMS to be downloading their backed-up SMS but then they all vanish when the program finishes restoring. Maybe the author can fix the installer so the program has the correct permissions?
It shows "no subject" when restoring for each number with no messages inside. The app was working perfectly while using wifi but not over  data(now). Also, each restore over wifi wouldn't be consistent with text messages. Sometimes I would get messages restored from Oct until most recent backup, most of the times it would only restore messages from January until now.
Works good.
It works, it is easy, and it is thorough.
Awesome until kit kat..... now restores empty messages. Is there any work around ? Really don't want type out 2000 messages
It's not restoring the messages with Android 4.4 when it's updated I will review again.
Just updated to KitKat 4.4.2, but the restore is not working, did it twice with no avail, pls fix.
This app is easy to install an works great! Messages are updated instantly to gmail and automatically creates a separate folder for all text messages. Awesome App!
I'm using for last two years or more, I've no problem. It does the job perfectly. Now I'm using with BC Note 3.
Wooo
Good
All the years of messages I have backed up are gonna help me in court for custody of my kids.
Even though I backed up my old phone before moving to my new HTC-One, I go through the long process of waiting for my SMS backup to restore all my messages, it won't restore any messages newer than Feb 24th (It's now March 11th) I wish there was a feature to restore by dates, or date ranges...
Really sad. I used to use this app and it worked PERFECT! But then all the sudden it stopped backing up the whole conversation and only backs up the part that I say. I ended up deleting it because I tried everything. Months later I downloaded again hoping it'd work but still doesn't work. I LOVE!! this app, when it worked... :-(
Does exactly what it is supposed to.
When i restore..  It only restores the senders name..  But not the messages.  Sms thread are blank.  Please fix.
Doesn't work. Doesn't restore
Just updated to KitKat on S4 T-Mobile. SMS messages don't restore. Call log restored fine.
Gud
I cannot restore the messges now. It sync contacts without empty messages. Dates of the messages are wrong too.
its cool &  awesome app
Like they always say, when you do something right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all. And that's exactly how backup+ works. You set it and forget it, but all your message are saved in your gmail account.
Still happy
For all having problems restoring.   Download Native App Ops, select messaging, flip write sms/mms toggle under sms backup to on.  Verified works.   Had same problem.
Never had a problem
Does exactly as expected
I have used this app so many times to backup and restore my SMS and call log as it worked without fail. Unfortunately, since moving to KitKat  it will NOT restore back to the phone. It goes through the process and looks like it is working but nothing ends up on the phone...  Here's hoping the Dev can have this fixed soon as this is the only app of its type that actually worked 100% for me.
Great app does what its suppose to do
Will this ever be enabled?  Other than that fantastic app!!!
Please update so I can restore messages in 4.4.2
When I try to back up its showing that it is backing up but it actually isn't. When I go into my gmail it is not anywhere to be found. I tried it several times. I looked at my settings several times and everything seemed to be set up correctly. I have an android Razr Maxx phone. I would not recommend this application
No nonsense app
Absolutely love this app must have for changing devices or during factory restore
Thank for great app......
I have a backup SMS from touchwiz 4.3 but can't restore these backed up files to KitKat 4.4 asop if this can be fixed I'd IMMEDIATELY 5 STAR IT!
Backed up everything as instructed. Can see them in my gmail sidebar. When trying to restore it goes through the motions and "restores" each one of the thousands on my phone. When I go to my SMS app I see all the messages for like one second..and then they all disappear except for the latest ones that are stored locally and have been created after the backup. I've tried rebooting and logging in and out of account and using different SMS apps. Nothing. I really hope that I am contacted or directed to a fix...Because the interface and idea and everything else could have been great...but what good is a backup if you can't restore?
Ever since I got android kitkat, it fails to restore sms and call logs.
Whatsapp version 2.11.181 doesn't get backed up :-(
Excellent
Works as advertised, flawless!
My sms didn't restore either,  just opened a thread that says (no subject) wish I would have downloaded something else to back up on!
The best!  You will never have to worry about lost Info.
overall super nice and easy way to back everything to gmail, but then again, after 4.4 kitkat, i think we need to make it default for sms to restore sms, which is not available. is there an update to fix this issue or there's another way to do it? thank u!
Been with this app for a while but it's becoming increasingly unreliable for me at least.
Sms Backup+ is a much need app and it really help to backup SMS and whats app chats. For me SMS backup+ works gr8 for all except it doesn't backup group chats in whats app. I don't know if its only for me or everyone is facing the same.
Does its job perfectly.
Won't work
Not restoring correctly after Kit Kat update.  Please fix.  Otherwise a very good app.
this is not working! ive tried 5 times upgrading from s3 to s4(sprint), it worked last time i ugraded from htc to s3--all text messages are in my gmail account, so is there a way to restore to my phone from gmail account??help
Usefull app...
Great app!
App help to redrive SMS phone to Mail and back to new phone easily :)
I loved and learned to rely and trust this app over the course of two years...  With the purchase of the Galaxy Note 3 I've been betrayed *tear*  My text messages do not get backed up regularly or in order. As a matter of fact, it's showing my last back up June 3, 2014.
*****
Just a few days ago it worked on my older galaxy note 1.  But just installed on my new galaxy note 3 and whatsapp messages no longer being backed up.
I 2 much like it
This is crap. Crashed my messaging app horribly. Do not download, it's useless
got a new phone and it restored all my messages
After I connect to gmail, it asks if I want to back up...I say yes..it logging in.....then error....it never logs in or even starts to back up. It says Unable to connect.
I've tried more than once to backup and restore my messages and it's not doing anything. Please fix this NOW
This app worked great until I upgraded my phone to Kitkat. Hopefully they will update it soon so I can get back all my backups.
I just got a message on my phone from Lookout that SMS Backup+ is surveillanceware.  Just thought I'd share.
Thanks. Vote five star.
Excellent
Great App, wondering when this app will be able to restore the MMS,
Does what it says it will do without fuss. Backs up sms and call log for you.
Nice
Does not work with KitKat on my Galaxy S4, worked with JellyBean.
Works well. Has saved me a lot of arguements with my ex-wife!!!
Nice stuff as does a backup of imp data on Gmail..However it has issues with backup of Whatsapp..The data and schedule information is not updated..need to improve on these aspects..also need to add the BBM backup option.. Pls solve the bugs..
Clean, simple, reliable.
Good
This is a great app but there is on thing wrong I HAVE IT SET TO INCOMING SET TO 1 MINUTE BUT WHEN I RECIEVE A MESSAGE NOTHING HAPPENS AT ALL!!! PLEASE FIX
I love this app! I never have problems with it and it takes very little space on my phone.
Worked fine until kit kat where restore no longer works
Once I finally got it backing up on a regular basis, it worked great! But it hung up initially and would freeze. Not sure what happened Changed, but once it worked, it worked great
Dejligt lille vrktj, der gemmer kopi af teleaktiviteter. Har lige l lrt at det er nyttigt nar man opgraderet sin rootede telefon.
Doesnt restored.
This app has been very helpful in my job.  I can get all text backed up on my email and it is very easy to find them!
I love how it's now connected to my Gmail acct. But this app DOES NOT RESTORE MMS.
Could not connect on HTC Desire..
Copied all the SMS to google, yup to restore sms from google though.
Not only works well, but Free Software / Open Source, too! (Apache 2.0 license)
I really like this app. It connects directly to my Gmail storing all my text messages so I don't need to use my phone memory slowing down the performance keeping all the messages.
Any way to restore my back up to an app other than stock, really really need a 4.4 update though....I'd like to restore all my messages and can't!! Update and I'll rate 5 star!
No problems with installation or configuration, but it doesn't find any messages to back up, even though there are hundreds.
I always needed an App like this... Not a single competitor...
A great app for backing up and restoring when I was on JB4.3. Since upgrading to 4.4.2, I can't restore any SMS. Looking forward to a fix/workaround!
Best
Use apps ops to enable this app to write messages and it will work just fine!
Does what it says. Backs up my call logs and text messages.  No complaints
Worked great on Samsung Charge, but since upgrading to Galaxy S4 it skips all incoming texts when backing up.  Without backing up incoming texts it defeats the purpose of the app.
My screen is severely cracked, and I am unable to view my call log but by simply checking my email with this app, I can see all the missed calls I've received!  This is great!
The new Kit Kat for Droid Maxx won't let you restore your messages that were backed up ...  Why can't you back up mms ? Please fix ...
There was an error message when trying to backup and there is no customer assistance number?  Help!
Please fix so this app is compatible with android 4.4.2 kit kat! Thanks
Guzel uygulama
Really like it.
Works every time I love this app.
Been using for over a year. Hard time retrieving to phone, but works great to lookup via email
Had this on my RAZR and it worked pretty well with only occasional crashes. Note on Moto X with Kit Kat, crashes much more frequently. No confidence that messages are being backed up except by constant checking.
Thnx bro...u wrk excellent.... And pls update this software...
...but you need to be running a custom ROM or a custom App Ops derivative. Permissions to write to sms are turned off by default. I have CM and it works perfectly on my S3.
Great concept. However, it doesn't retroactively back up texts on Samsung Galaxy S3.  I really like the call log backup, and the fact that you can choose which specific group of contacts that you want to update; but it just doesn't work retroactively for texts for Samsung Galaxy S3.
I installed this on my old phone to transfer all my text messages and then installed it on the new one. It restore all my texts. Good job and keep it up.
Love it. I've been using it for years and I have calls and texts backed up from almost 4 years ago across 3 carriers and different cell phone numbers.
This app worked great for a while, but just stopped auto backup. I emailed the dev a week ago but haven't heard back. Bummer.
Works well. Very configurable. Easy peasy.
This app saves all my SMS to my gmail. I absolutely love it.  It's very easy to use.  You don't have to convert the SMS message.
Updated to Android 4.4.2 and found the restore function doesn't work at all. It seems all messages "restored" are blank and are ignored by KitKat. I've saw people compliant the same issue on November last year; hope it gets fixed ASAP
Simply superb. Thanks a lot.
Not backing up messages of whatsapp, after installation of latest version of whatsapp
It's quite a nice app. Haven't had any issues since use
This is a wonderful app. Save your important text messages and call logs. I saved all the nasty messages my ex wife sent to me to show the judge in court.
This app was awesome but KitKat is not supported. Hope this is fixed soon.
I can see my messages in my Gmail account but when restoring them to my S4 they do not show up in Messaging or Hangouts.
Easy to use, effective.
Very Easy to use, easy to restore... best one i hav ever used!!!
Not working for more than 4 months on 4.4. "IO Error"
I like this it saves all my stuff
An app that actually does exactly what it is supposed to do!
Love backing up all messages to my gmail account but restore doesn't seem to work on KitKat
It's fantastic App but I need little improvement for restoring MMS and ADD CONTACTS to backup.
So I installed this app, and honestly never even checked. I'm a redundancy fanatic, and already had three different ways of backing up. But when my phone had to be formatted, all of them failed. I rushed out to my gmail in a tiny hope that this actually worked: every single text is there. Sorted for me, by date. With the pictures. I have no words for what a relief, and how WELL it works! There was a text stored from my Mom that morning!!
Huli k balbonnn... pta s lht ng taksilll... yari kyo dtoo!..
Great app! Is their any way to back up picture messaging
Andriod users this simple and free app is probably the greatest app in the android market! I just made the switch to iPhone and boy I'm regretting my decision to go with Apple iPhone!   I will be coming back to Andriod just because of this app!
This app is awesome. Seriously. The call log to calendar backup is an amazing tool. If I could ask for one more thing, put the SMS backups to a calendar also (as an addition to the gmail threads) Then the SMS could be added with like a 5 minute marker, so that you can track comms through the day in one place.  Keep up the excellent work.
You must use this
Good app
I'm using, & you can enjoy this...
would love to have Viber support too
I upgraded my nexus to kitkat OS and tried to restore SMS, but it didnt. Please solve it.
Un installing this app Continues to crash says cant login used too work fine
Before KitKat it worked great but now I can't restore by backups.
Install appops 4.3/4.4 from google play. Open and go to personal select sms backup and turn on permission called Write sms. It works...... enjoy
I can't restore  any of my previous texts, but they did get back up which is nice.
Not restoring in kitkat 4.4. Update please. Will change after update
Awesome app
I recommend this ap to my friends that are hesitant to delete text msgs. Clean in box, all stored safely in my gmail account. Issues with with backing up call log.
I should have researched this before I updated. Now I can't get my SMS to restore on my updated phone. I hope they fix it soon.
nice
Work with cell phones best way to back up text messages when changing or resetting phones.
Dope!
Awesome app. Does everything it says! Completely happy with it! Thanks Mr Maker
working even on kitkat custom rom. Defaultly the app is missing permissions to write SMS in kitkat, thats why its not working correctly for android 4.4. On custom rom, it is possible to fix this with App permissions settings. Works as expected. Gj developer and thank you.
This is still the best SMS (and Whatsapp) message backup. The fact that it also creates Calendar entries in a calendar of my choice (any calendar on my phone) is awesome. Glance at your calendar and you get a quick overview of who you've called and who's called you. Backing up text messages to mail makes them easily searchable, and I don't have to worry about swapping devices and losing those critical messages. It is light, no noticable effect on my little Galaxy S i9000 running KitKat.
Hi Team,  I have installed this SMS Backup+ app in my mobile. before that I used in Samsung mobile, it was working fine. But now I am using in new mobile and this application is "NOT AT ALL WORKING".  Kindly help me ASAP, reetan.adc@gmail.com
Any chance of getting SMS restore working on kitkat soon?
Backup and Restore (Automatic) works well with a gmail account have 7000+SMS. Note  if you run KitKat/ version 4.4.2 Andriod OS You restore will not work out of the box, you need to give write premission, goto developers website and look at FAQ for restore settings instructions, its not set from the app but from settings->messaging in the OS.
I have used this app for years and recently upgraded to kitkat only to find out it wont restore any of my messages. big disappointment as i love this app. an update is definitely in order
I have 16K text messages that I backed up. And it shows it's restoring them, but it doesn't.  It restores only about a 1/4 of them. If I can get them back onto my device, I think I'll be switching.
Would have said five stars a while ago, but it no long auto back ups. I have to go into it and manually do it. I have had this ap for years and loved it. But nit since the last update. Please fixed it.
Does what it says, love the functionality.
Wow, it takes a lot to impress me and I'm blown away.
Won't restore messages after KitKat update.
All In One Better Best Mobile Backup Application Ever No Other Applications Are Not Available In All Google Play Store.  Thanking You A Lot With Heart,  Jan Berkel  Via:. Mohammed Mohsin
Works great
Saved me on several occasions sheen hardware failed unexpectedly. If sms is an important part of your info bank, this is great.
I reset my phone & this app is awesome..i got my all sms back although few were missing but it's ok..,i tried so many apps for backup but its brilliant.
Best back up app
Earlier was having problems in kit kat getting the phone to restore sms. Solution -  just install apps opsx from the market and allow all options for this app and then restore will be fine.
I have backed up my call and sms logs in my s3 mini sndroid 4.2.2 now I have new phone with android 4.3 and restore does not work
The last few days this app has failed to back up anything. If I try to disconnect & reconnect it says failed. Please fix!
I love app but it's useless now. Developer will not respond.
Does what it says flawlessly.
Getting an exception error one S2.
Nonetheless, could probably get a user interface upgrade or an upgrade to facilitate whether you want to back attachments in messages or not.
Works great. Could restore faster is all. But hey it is free and works
Help it only backed up majority of my text and send it to email. Dont like this. I need the full conversation.
Doesn't support KitKat!!!! Will give 5 star if this option is available
Everything I see in my Gmail. Best thing is they 've added support for WhatsApp too. Fantastic app. KUDOS.
It's straight to the point and does perfectly of what it claims!   Looking forward to new features!
Great app.. Very simple and efficient.. However it does not work on kitkat!!!!!! I need to update my nightly and i can't because I need my messages..
awsome its help me to know true abut girls
Almost cried when I saw all my texts neatly threaded in gmail. This is the app I've needed for YEARS!
Could not connect to google on samsung galaxy ace (Samsung GT-S5839i). Tried default and advanced settings to set up the link to Google Drive but each time told connection failed. I use two step verification for Google however I created an application specific password for this app as well as trying the normal password.  Both methods fail. This application just does not work.
I do wireless tech support for a major wireless company and this is one of the first 3 apps I install and suggest to everyone I talk to.
Per fare un backup su gmail degli SMS, registro chiamate e messaggi whatsapp
Switching phones? Migrate all your text messages with ease. Plus backup in a special folder in Gmail. I use MS Outlook so all my messages are also stored locally.
Downloaded quite a bit but not all sms and mms in the phone. Why????
soms krijg ik IO error maar na op nieuw starten loopt alles weer door
Plz fix
Using it for the third time. This lady should receive an award, for making such a great free app.
Love this app! Very useful and can keep my phone clean now! EDIT: Would give five stars if group SMS would get backed up. Also threads in gmail only have 100 messages and then a new thread starts, not sure if it's a Google or developer issues. MMS also goes in different thread. Slightly sloppy. Looking forward to update.
This worked really well, as I desperately needed to move some text messages onto my laptop in order to keep them there safe and not on my phone cause I was getting a new one, this app came in handy. Despite taking quite a long time to process the job, it worked really well, transferring all of my sacred text messages onto my email account. I am genuinely so thankful, great app!
When I installed it, it was very slow.please fix. Cricket n8000
Must have if you switch phones a lot.
I will need to try other apps with same function.  1.  It can Backup 2. It can't Restore As it always prompt Successfully restored 0 items (0dups).
I love this app. I had a friend to pass away but thanks to this app I can go back to over a year ago and read our messages over and over. It cheers me up. Especially when I'm missing her. Thank you
Very good to have if you end up with a he said she said down the road.
As FYI, storage location for SMS changed on KitKat devices from   /data/data/com.android.providers/telephony/databases/mmssms.db   to   /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db  Please fix!
Hey so I have all my messages saved on this and when I upgraded to kit kat I can't restore them. What gives? Did I lose all my messages?
Nice
Is there a way to ONLY back up new texts? My older android keeps disabling the auto back up, and when I want to back up the texts from the last month or so it missed, there is only the option to back up all. I have been "backing up today for 2.0 hours and its only 1/3 way done... but most of those texts have ALREADY BEEN BACKED UP TO GMAIL, so what is it doing? I have had this happen many time before, and usually  backup+ "crashes" or quits before getting thru the full backup. ???
Back to my phone
Perfect app! Love it by far the best!!!!!must have if u are type that wants to keep text messages forever even thru new phone to master reset test assure it texts will be safely restored.
Back up with label in gmail is good feature.
I'll rate it 5 if this was compatible with Kit Kat
I've used this app for years and it was great! Now on my Moto-x with 4.4 it stopped working. Restored messages disappear and the log says "all messages were duplicates". This is not possible as it is a new phone.. Please fix!!!
Does what it says.
Cannot restore messages anymore with KitKat :( Before it was defenately 5*
The best backup app .
whatsapp backup not working plz fix it.
Auto back up doesn't work at all. I have two androids, on both auto back up is dead. Can you do something about that?
I've used this app on every phone I've had since I discovered it! Love love LOVE it!
This app created a folder called SMS where it stored every message that I couldnt bear to delete while I switched feom my android to my iphone. Thank you SO much!!
Working well..
I've been using this app for several years, and I recommend it to all my cellular customers.
Good job on this software.... Really nice work.
Simple and plain
Absolutely love this app, I couldn't ask for anything better. Great job still love this app
A must app, just in case I delete the text before saving the number I know I can check in my gmail.
I would rate this higher but it stopped working on Dec 12th for no reason. Ever since then it keeps trying to get authorization - even though it already has it. Fix this bug please!
Greate
I find it interesting and hassle free
I always get to keep all of my texts auto back up, its awesome!
Works well. But I notice that auto backup is not working properly. Also, whatsapp group messages do not get backed up. Pls fix.
Thank you very much.
Ive been looking for an app that will copy text to email. Works perfectly
Yeah that all good
Why has this stopped working? My last back up was Dec 15th?!
Great app, a must have install.
Perfect application
Can't restore messages into hangouts. Can't revoke email access.
Can backup important SMS' for me, very useful at times you need those messages, even without your phone.
Excellent
I backed up to Gmail. Did a Factory Reset But now RESTORE will not work. Its does everything as normal. But Messages do not show in hangouts? Can someone please help??
Good for legal reasons in your Gmail account.
Restore always starts from the beginning...  If it give u error you have to restore all the messages from zero again which is quite time consuming.
Really like this app. Have used it for years.
Great app keeps track of all conversations via text message and call logs
Very sweet
This app does a really great job backing up your messages and archiving them so that you can retrieve them later from your Gmail account
After using this app i have been getting frequent spam phone calls offering me a free cruise. Do the devs store or share any of our information? Is that why this app is free...
I've been using SMS Backup+ for a few years now. I tend to swap roms on my Android devices frequently... additionally, I've tended to swap phones often. I hate losing my SMS history, so having it automatically backed up to GMail has been extremely helpful. Having SMS on GMail also gets you the ability to search your old SMS messages quickly. I haven't tried restoring messages, mostly because I don't feel that I need to keep them stored on my phone once they've been uploaded to my GMail account. Plus it helps keep my phone clean and SMS fast.
Using this software now with KitKat and unable to restore my messages.  Wish I had known this.  Previously this software has been a lifesaver.
I work in a Non Profit helping Ex Offenders.  The Backup provides me with an easy way to look up my clients and all calls n texts relating to them. This is an awesome tool. Everyone should use it....
Simply does the required
It's good for earlier versions
restoring in 4.4.2 does not work. There is a howto on the website but App Ops is not availible in the latest versions and so the permission can not be set. Right now this in general awesome app has to be considered as broken for the latest android version
apparently now working the WhatsApp backup. "Backed up 8/69922 items" and counting. that's more than a year of messaging!
By far the best out there
Its grrrrreeeaat!
App worked great backing up all my messages to my Gmail account on my old phone. Got a Nexus 5 today running 4.4.2 and none of the messages will restore. Please look into and provide a fix!
This is the greatest appa im using in my android.
Back up text from previous google phones. Does its job!
..but can anybody tell me how i can save older messages ti gmail
Really Necessary app when getting a new phone or switching for new rom!
Backup works as advertised. I don't use the restore function so I can't comment on that.  I like that is just silently does it's job in the background.  I use it to search my text message history or grab MMS images on my computer in gmail.
Will upgrade rating when fixed.
Have used for years
Good
Loved this app but it does not work with kit Kat sadly. It will store the messages in my gmail folder but won't back them up on my phone. Sad....
Does not work on my nexus 4, running android Kit kat. it used to work find with 4.3.
Awesome
Will not work. Every time its supposed to back up anything it says SMS backup error. Nothing to backup. Not sure why or what's wrong but its not working.
Cache occupies more than 100 mb as I constantly get storage space running out warning. Kindly resolve the cache issue.
Plz don't download I lost all my messages for 2 3 times it worked well now I m trying to do it messages appears for second and disappear I reinstalled and tried everything even the developer doesn't respond
So far it's been a great app  recommended to me by Sprint.  I was skeptical but it works like a champ and free.  Add to your must have app!
Please fix backup of SMS in kitkat 4.4.2
Well done guys, works like a charm.
Backs up everything to email, exactly what i needed to print text messages. Also restored all messages and calls to my phone after i had to factory reset.
I managed to figure out that on 4.4.2, the app doesn't have permission to write SMSs. Once I manually gave it the permission through a 3rd party App Ops app, SMSs restored perfectly.
Bug in kit kat, s4, when restoring looses all info except number.
Kuch ni
All KitKat users please read the app website, I had the same problem with restoring and had to grant the app rights to "write sms" in system "app ops". Now it works again.
Previously rated this pgrm 5-stars, but since installing on my upgraded Note3 (previously had galaxy S3), I'm no longer able to assign the email address I want to back up to. The pgrm is defaulting to the one I use w/ android. Please fix and give option of choosing backup email again.
I have everything set up to automatically backup my text but it doesn't since the update! Please fix this app is amazing!!!
Nice little app this. All you need is a gmail account. Ideal way of storing texts you want to keep or when you change phones. Transferred over 1200 jokes from my phone to my gmail account in one go. No risk of going into files and deleting things by mistake which can happen with other back-up apps. Just a foolproof and uncomplicated app.
Works perfectly and silently.
The app does as advertised
Fantastic
Great app, works on my S3 with CM 11, kit kat
HTC ONE, KitKat 4.4, failed to restore sms back to phone, although app shows restoring in progress.
Does what it says on the tin
Loved this on older phone need to fix Kit Kat compatible
 -     SMS ,      . ,     (),     -     SMS/MMS    .   ,      .             ! P.S.           ,     
It has saved me so many times.  I give it 6 star's
It is very useful for myself.
For restoring to work on Kitkat (at least 4.4.2), you have to enter the Privacy Guard advanced settings, move to the messaging tab, and enable the Write SMS/MMS permission for the app.  Once this is done, it works just as it should and overall works quite well. The autobackup keeps up when it should so I am quite satisfied.  Please make the need to change this setting more clear, perhaps on the app description.
Don't be put off by its simple interface. This little app is exactly what you're looking for. It's been working for me for years and never failed me. It's one of the first I install whenever I get a new phone.
How does the restore works?
This app has great potential but has not been,updated to run on Android kitkat 4.4. Shame.
Love it...
... Doing exactly what's required if it.  Never had a problem in years of use.
Its hard to believe that this app is a 3rd party app and not from Google. It works perfectly and I can't believe I didn't know about it about a year ago before my S3 crashed. I lost lots of SMS especially from my wife before we got married. If i could give 10 stars I would. Well done.
The best SMS backup app I've ever used, but please put a new option (for call log): I  want to backup my Call log to Google Calendar only, not both Gmail and Calendar, so can you please add checkbox options to backup call log to email or/and calendar in next version? Thanks
In KitKat you have to be able to set this app as your default messaging app to restore. As of this writing you can not using this app.
Used to work OK on galaxy nexus but now doesn't do auto backup on 4.2.2 on Nexus 4. I'm sad.
Awesome!
Incompatible with Kit Kat
App doesn't work with kitkat.  Developer please release an update. All the messages I had backed up before I upgraded are inaccessible at present, rendering this utility useless.
There is no word to say about this app. Its so amazing.
5stars
Great useful application to backup call logs and messages.
Using samsung gt 5512 is is saying "there were no items to backup" please help
This app saved me more than once.
Ya its best u never loss ur messages
App still works to backup data, but it will not restore any of it. Restore operation completes, but all messages appear to be removed as duplicates according to the app.
Great for backing up important messages and call logs. The only problem I'm having with it is the app keeps getting deleted for some reason...
It works so well with your Google Mail and you have all your messages saved in one place from every phone .
Narees
good idea to backup SMS/call logs to Google, simple UI with possibility to configure it, love the output in Gmail - contains all info. recommended to everyone, donating ! what about possibility to sync MMS's ?
fix it plsss!
Perfect set and forget
it will better if it can sync..
Its Good Backup SMS ...................Thankz
(  )  .  :    .     ...   :   ....   :  Bill Gates  ....     ...  ...   : ....      ....      (  Bill Gates  )   :        ...  Bill Gates :  ....   :     CEO ..  Bill Gates :   ....  (      )   : 
This app is the only app you need for backing up call logs, text messages, MMS and whatsapp messages/audio/pics. Overall only app I would pay serious money to use!
incoming sms not being backup on stock note 3
I got a new phone and I have had every one of my messages backed up so I figured, hey, this can make all my messages restore..instead it doesn't actually restore. Please fix. Moto X
For this app to have been worth anything at all in the past, it has to be able to restore to something in the future. It does not work with Kit Kat because all of SMS was transferred to hang outs. At least get it to work with one of the big third party SMS apps like handcent or chomp...
Tremendous app! One must have!
This app does as it says for my S4. Thanks to the developers for their hard work.
Great app
Great app!
Love that my sms are backed up to my phone. I have been able to use this in various situations to find old messages my phone erased that i needed.
Got a new phone, tried to restore, looked like it was restoring as the active notification was counting the number downloaded and when it was done.... Nothing. No restored text messages to be found. Using Google Hangouts on a Samsung Galaxy Mega (Android 4.2.2)
Very good app
KitKat support please!! Excellent app! Essential for switching phones or using custom Rom!
Ravi
Loved it, but doesn't work anymore. Please fix.
Same issues reported by others. Won't restore.
Like the others have mentioned, it doesn't work on kit kat. Please update asap to work with kit kat. Having said that, still a good app which works very good.
As many others have said it doesn't restore with KitKat. The app needs to be able to be set as the default messaging app to restore texts which unfortunately isn't an option yet. I still have it on my phone to back messages up though, I just can't restore them. SMS backup/restore is good for that
Have been using this beauty for a while now but a recent update to Android 4.4 as caused it to stop working. Am most disappointed as I've lost all my SMS and call history from the phone.
Brilliant and must have apps
Very useful
The messages came in reverse chronological order when I transferred them from Samsung Galaxy S Advance to Sony Xperia V. Otherwise it does the trick.  It is also very slow, each message takes about a second to backup and half a second to restore even though I'm on a 200 mbit/s connection.
Awesome
I really like this app but it's not working anymore. I changed my password and now, it can't sign in. Can you please help me?
Dear Team, Thanks for such a great app...this helps a lot
Still no restore in 4.4 hangouts.
Not working in kitkat
It backed up my messages via gmail but they came in one at a time. I wanted the whole threaded convo but oh well. Evo Ed.
Works very well
So far so good!
Simple from the beginning, had to uninstall two previous apps until I finally found this one!
Does what I want it to do perfectly - all SMS & WhatsApp messages are copied as searchable E-Mails neatly in folders on my own IMAP mailserver. Wow & thank you!
Great app. Worked flawlessly. I never enabled IMAP in GMail. The only issue I had was with duplicates, but the system removed them.  Highly recommended except if migrating to kitkat. Can't restore anything on there.
Occasionally it does not auto backup.  A manual backup has to be done.  Overall great app though.
Been using for years and has saved my butt multiple times.
Wonderful application to keep a track of your SMS..1 star removed for not working on kitkat. I think on kitkat only default application can restore messages..provide the option and it should be fine.
Same problem not compatible with Kit Kat. Shows its downloading then once finished there's no messages
I downloaded this to be able to continuously backup my msgs, including whatsapp.  Initial backup was ok.  Two days have passed, and I am waiting to see the next backup, since I have had plenty of activity on whatsapp.  I have: - my gmail connected - auto backup checked - Regular schedule is 1H, incoming 3min - in advanced settings I have checked bacup sms, mms, call log and whatsapp So, what am I doing wrong?
Please fix this issue as all my messages/call history go whenever I format my phone now.
Does what I need it to needed to find a solution to back up my SMS so I could print them
Please fix restore function for hangout in kitkat.
Disappointed!
5 stars and donation when mms can be restored as well.
Superb. Really I like this.
Only contact is showing while restoring with no subjects
Last update broke MMS backup to gmail. Was 5*, in current state  useless. All fixed, as good as ever.
Good app  .
Very good app
Well app...
Well, it works. A bit difficult to navigate through the messages since it groups all numbers from the same contact (i.e. personal mobile and work mobile from the same contact are together) and what really sucks is that it did not back up all smss.  In my case, only the last 4 months.  I can read my messages from 8 months ago on my cell (Samsung Galaxy SII).
It was a great app until recently she it stopped backing up because of some I/O error msg. Pls fix. And I'll give 5 starts again
Very useful
To get restore to work on KitKat, you need to use the hidden android app ops
I love this app - I have parents texting me constantly about my students, and this is a great way to say their text messages to my school email.  I wish there were some way to select what messages you want to save though.  That way my OWN text messages wouldn't get sent to my school email or my school texts to my personal email.
This is an amazing app, especially since it's free!!!
Works perfect every time. I will pay soon. Thanks. Ya'll pay, this app is great.
Works great!
Brilliant app. Works with the new hangouts apps sms messages. Donated!
Good  aplication Thanks
Ok
My SMS 16000 of them load just the names in my nexus five and disappear.backs up fine to gmail.
Works great never a complaint been using it for years
Love it. Does just what it needs to
Gud app  .. take and save backup date wise .. every single sms will be saved .. even calllogs
This was working perfectly until I upgraded to kitkat. Now it says its restoring, but nothing is there. If I go into messages, I can see them come in, but the disappear. (Delete old messages is off). Hangout, if made the default app, sees the messages, but they are all empty.
When trying to restore SMS back to phone, it says duplicates and does not update them. However while restoring those messages appear but while updating threads they disappear.
Love everything about this app. Just donated. Really appreciate developers efforts
Lets me back up my texts to Gmail. Good for my records.
Great!!!
everything gets back except the messages, call history is back on kitkat from jelly bean but messages are not restored but saved in the google mail
Doesn't work anymore on android 4.4. Will change rating once fixed.
Necessary excellent app. And now also does whatsapp backup. Best in the android market.
Good app...
Good Carry On
Great app
Ummm thanks to this "lovely" app, since the last time I used it I have not been able to open/ respond to any of my texts and my phone keeps restarting every time I try to use my phone... so yeah.. pretty sucky.. FIX THE APP!!!!!!!!!!
First free app I have ever donated to. Simple concept really well designed and developed. I wish I could give it 6 out of 5. Download today.
I was very happy with this until now I have Android 4.4... Please update it.
Works beautifully on 4.3, but 4.4.2 is broken. Downloads the messages, but they disappear as soon as messaging app is opened. Call logs still restore. 5 stars when sms restore fixed. 4.3 and below works awesome, though,  highly recommend!
Backs up texts automatically without intrusion. I highly recommend.
Has flawlessly seen me through many handset changes. All my texts and call logs are searchable from gmail, another win.
Does wat it says always works
extra app
This app has stopped automatically backing up for the last 3 months. I've had to do it manually. Use to be perfect without a glitch. It also doesn't restore from gmail, as well. I understand it is free, so I can't complain if I can still back up manually. All in all, this app needs an update and at least 5 major corrections, which are reoccuring theme on these reveiws.
Works!
And you can search and find stuff easily through the Gmail search interface.
Excellent program for saving text messages. I love it!
Kitkat not compatible, plz make it work, love this app for years
Call log Restore creates only one record per contact. Others are considered as duplicates. No support of dual sim. Can't backup SMS received before app was installed.
This is the only app that has remained on my phones since day 1 I started using Android
It worked fine. When I had to replace my device it started crashing the entire device.  I had to uninstall.
Can't restore anything to KitKat. Hopefully this will get fixed asap, as otherwise previous backups are somewhat useless.
Been using this app for years now, takes a long time to backup, about 3 seconds a message. And with about 25 thousand messages currently, and increasing every second, it's a tad slow. Is it just me?
Sometimes takes a day to backup Whatsapp messages.
Won't restore on kit. Messages all disappear.
I got so used to this app working flawlessly,  however I just checked it and it is only backing up the messages I sent and not the messages received. The sole purpose was to store/backup other people's contact with me. This issue doesn't seem recent. Hope you guys fix this cuz it was a great app. If not I'd have to find something else. :(
Like many before me have mentioned, the app will appear to restore the messages but they do not appear in the message inbox. Please fix ASAP
Whatsapp backup.. great
Does not automatically backup. Has gone 2 days without doing anything. I've had to manually back things up. Also had this issue on my DROID RAZR Maxx. Please fix as I've lost important texts due to this app not working.
I have a problem to restore SMS on Kitkat... Are you going to fix this problem?
Loved using this program to restore my old text history when I install / uninstall multiple Roms. Since KitKat however, Restore doesn't reflect. There must be a change within 4.4 that needs to be accounted for. Not using Hangouts as my default SMS app, not that it should matter.  The location or permissions of where SMS lives within the OS may have changed
not working properly
Usually when I change phones or my phone resets I have no problem restoring my messages but ever since I got a brand new phone (the One Touch Evolve) my phone refuses to sync with the app. Can you please fix this because I want my memories back!!
All others features are perfect
Great app, but it seems to sometimes split up the pictures into a different message so they don't always appear in the same message thread in their correct chronological place.  Is there a setting to change this or is there a fix in the works?  Or is this an inherent problem that SMS/MMS must be sent separately sometimes?  Droid RAZR.  4 Stars for now. Thanks.
I've been using it since gingerbread.  Make life a lot easier to be able to search old txt's from Gmail instead of on the phone.   Advanced settings could use some cleaning up for 5 stars.
Its great
is it possible add viber and skype as like whatsapp?
Best backup app
Restore won't work on N5.
If screen lock is activated while backup is made, an error is thrown and backup aborted.  Apply setting "stay awake while charging" in settings dev mode tab is a work around that worked for me.
It'd be great if you could update this, mate. Was a kick-ass app until KitKat.
Good
Best in play world
I've had the app for a long time on my old phone, it did a great job syncing to gmail. Recently bought a Nexus 5 and was looking forward to having all my old messages back. After installing it and hitting restore the progress bar showed up and it went all the way up to 4000 pretty quickly. However inside the new hangout app there's no sign of them. I just noticed that my new messages aren't being backed up either. Feel free to contact me to resolve this issue  Edit: Just read about the beta app and the now missing app-ops problem.  I don't feel like rooting just yet so I hope you can get things fixed..
There is a change in the security of KitKat so please review this so I can upgrade already... Other than that this app is fantastic!
This is perfect...does exactly what it's supposed to do...I've never had any probs with this app!
Alltid forst att laddas ner nar telefonen aterstalls. Funkar alltid, anvand Opera med X10 sa funkar det.
I've never had to worry about trying to find a specific message in my phone,  or deleting threads so I didn't have too many open conversations open. This Ap is wonderful.  I've been using it for a year and haven't had a single problem. Highly recommend it, love how it stores each individual thread alphabetically in my Google Mail tabs. Very happy.
Essential app..
Used to work. Now I'm getting IO error on my stock rooted Nexus 5.
Awesome app. I've been using it for a while now... but for some reason it just prompted me as if this were the first time I used it and it's trying to backup all 7000+ calls/texts again. :/
It's the best app to backup, I've using this app for 3 years. Never i go t worried about my SMS... I can install many ROMs and if I need to find some and I look on my gmail.
Works great!
Wonderful
Wish this app can backup bbm coversation too
great
Great app!
Thanks alot
Excellent features stores ur sms call log in gmail and no need to worry about loosing data
Saved my butt more than once.
This is by far the best app I've found to backup texts, mms messages, and call logs! Very easy to use and set up as well.
It just does what it is supposed to do.  Simple back up.  Done.
Backs up to email by contact /conversation. No problems ever.
Does exactly what it says it'll do. Really no fuss involved.
Backup keeps failing
Message only flash then disappear am very hopefule of a fix coming asap then will give 5 stars
Tuyet
Great app, very happy with all it's features.
I finally got the best application for backing up sms and call logs. The best part is, storage location(gmail "SMS" folder and "Call log" folder) Thanks to the makers.  It takes time to reflect restored messages.
Was working fine for years, now, no more. Good thing I noticed before a wipe.
Great
The first time I used it, it backed up EVERY text. The second time, it skipped some messages. Now, yesterday, it only backed up my OUTGOING messages, when tge incoming messages were nowhere to be found. Those are the most important. I am looking for a better app.
Must have!
Works great!
Occasionally there are authentication errors, but generally speaking it runs in the background each night and I never notice it.  I love how I can also use the power of search in GMail to find texts that are backed up!
I am using this app from last 3 years and with every update it is improving. Kool. Keep up good work.
Used this "set it and forget it (took it's dependability for granted for years on 2 previous devices!)" and it worked flawlessly. Last few months it simply stopped auto baking up altogether sadly?! Surely do miss it's exact needs accomplished! Don't seem to even find an alternative app?
This app is so good, it should be bought by google and made standard on every android.
The main issue I am having with this great app is that ,all SMS, MMS, Cal Log entries appear in the Inbox.  I have tried creating Filters but there is something that is not right.  Help !  Otherwise I did learn that having this app set to Automatic Backup is what was eating my battery.
I've used SMS backup for awhile now and it never lets me down. Great services like auto backup and restore, or it sends it right to your email.
very nice application.
It's useful for backing up your messages (auto backup needs work), but restoring them is clearly a huge problem... It does not restore MMS to your device, and there are many devices that do not like the order this app restores messages in. Restored items on many devices show in reverse order (shows oldest restored messages first so the ones you care about are actually miles up in the chat logs). I don't understand why restoration in inverse order is not an option in the settings yet..
You'll never lose an sms/mms. Back up in a matter of seconds and restores everything even faster. thank you devs, keep up the good work
Amazing application
Since the last update, auto backup isn't working.
Ty
Couldn't ask for anything more.
It has been backing my SMS and calls on several phones with absolutely no intervention from me for years. I don't even remember having to configure it in new phones. Now I find out it has started backing up my WhatsApp messages too! And with media. All is good.
.
Try once
thumbs up !
Used to work great for me, this app was amazing but now it says "restored x amount of messages" although leaving the inbox totally empty. Tried multiple times and uninstalled and reinstalled. Hoping it will be fixed so I can start using it again.
SMS, call log, whatsapp - all are backup in Gmail. You can search your text messages from your email account. That's so helpful.   Highly recommended. 5* app without any doubt.
Works great with sms. Wish I could restore to hangouts.
Great app. Does what it says. Reliable.
What is
Won't work because of a certificate validation error
Tried out a couple of times and nothing appears in Hangouts
The time is not being captured when you open the sms folder in gmail. It would have been the best app in backing up sms.
This app works great, and having a clear written record of what was said and when it was said can be very useful.
Perfect
Needs to get the MMS restore feature.
Works really well, needed to factory reset and didn't want to lose my messages. This app stored and then successfully restored them.
This is an excellent app, its worked great when I've used it before on anything lower than 4.4. On 4.4 it starts to restore, but the messages disappear right after. Hopefully this is fixable, and a fix is on the way!
it work perfect, and it is free.thanks very much your app
Penis
Love this app, sadly can't be used on Android 4.4+, when will it get support?
... as of yet does not work with KitKat.
Performs a backup of your text messages one by one by sending an email for each one. Thanks for adding over 1000 messages to my inbox! I feel real special now.
Works great
Great app
Once MMS restore is available it will be 5 stars. I do appreciate that it at least allows me to backup MMS.
Backup/Restore your sms, mms, call log and even WhatsApp messages if you have it installed. I love the auto-backup feature. A must have app...  :-D
Great app. Works consistently.
Gud app
Worked like a charm.
up/download speed is fuckin' :-( even though I'm on a wifi network...
Sounds great, but I keep getting an I/O error every time.  Looking elsewhere.  Hope it works for you.
Get it
I just upgraded my s3 with kitkat custom rom and it seems not to be working. It says the restoring is done with ine item only. There are also no info logged about the restoration. The app only logs the backup activities. Please fix this one because the app otherwise is a great tool. Thanks!
Very good
Must have
Really useful utility
Using a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 running 4.3.  It's worked seamlessly in the background for over a year now with zero issues.  I recently moved the app to my SD card and a week later noticed auto back up wasn't functioning correctly.  This was a known issue already noted by the developer.  I moved it back to my device and it's back to where it used to be.    I don't have the need nor desire to restore the messages to my device.  I utilize GMAIL to search and view prior texts.  Great app!
Cant restore needs updating badly
Excellent app..does and works as explained...  Good goin bros...
Excellent
My thanks goes to the authors of this app. It is extremely useful when trying different ROMs, configs, etc.
Thanks to the dev becouse of ur app . I had saved my  important data even aftr various formats.
Easy navigation, easy interface
I've been using this app for a while and it always works. Now with the new Nexus 5 that comes with Hangouts as the default sms application, it doesn't work. I'm not sure if it's a KitKat issue or if it has something to do with hangouts. Once you fix this I will change my rating.
Great. A must have
This app just works. It's awesome and reliable, one of the first I install on every phone.
I was able to transfer my text messages from my old phone to my new one so easily.
Somehow I can't restore anything using KitKat..hopefully you guys could update this app ASAP
Unable to restore the messages in KitKat using nexus 4.... Please fix this bug and give the update
(edit start) what's app backup is not working now (edit end). Great for doing the tedious task of backing up all call logs and msgs, did not try restore option though...  Just check why i/o error keeps on coming while back up is in progress..
Perfect for backing up SMS
I've moved to tablet and it is incompatible with tablet. I need to use Bluestacks to recover all of it.
Works.
Been using this app for months now.  Didn't work on my new HTC one at first but looks like the devs got right on it.  Works perfectly.
Okay, guys, if you're on kitkat, you need to give the app permission to write SMS. This is really easy to do on CM11 (security-Privacy Guard-Advanced on settings and swipe to messaging), not sure on other 4.4.2 roms.
I love this app, but it stopped automatically backing up about a month ago.  Would love if it would start back.
This archives everything to Gmail with tags which is great, however as it cannot be set as a default SMS app, it doesn't have permission to restore any of the messages to your handset on the latest version of Andriod. I would love to see an update with the ability to set this as my default SMS app so I can restore all my SMS messages to my Nexus 5.
Great for sms backup.
Finally i can sync SMS and Call Logs to Gmail!! ########  Please add options to  1. reauthorize Gmail (in case of failure),  2. option to check duplicates during Gmail upload (I've relinked the Gmail after authorization failure, it doubled each and every entry),  3.doesn't upload Call log Automatically (only SMS),  4. please sync the SIM  details too like SIM1/SIM2 (for DUAL SIM Mobiles) so that when we Restore the SMS n Call Log, it can update the SIM Details also.  THANKS IN ADVANCE.
its good
Awesome app
This used to work fine on my Nexus 4.  But now I can't restore all my messages on the note 3.
Doesn't work on KitKat
Not working with kit Kat. Restore fails even when hangouts is disabled.
nice
Even works with Hangouts as SMS
Super app. Ought to be built in to Android by default
That girl thought she was smart. Wrong. I got this app so Everytime she says something stupid I email it to myself and share it with her new dude. Gotta love technology. Oh, and thanks for no ads or any other crap.
This app has come in handy a few times. Love it
Please fix....
Its usefull
It worked amazing on my old Note 2 and Android 4.1. But won't restore SMS (or Whatsapp) at all on Nexus 5 and Android 4.4. CallLog has been restored. 22nd Dec - Unistalling, maybe one day it will work again. Maybe...
Not working with KitKat update
It restores the messages, then they almost instantaneously get erased. Was rated 5* when I used JB 4.2
Worked flawlessly on JB, but after upgrading to KK, it's impossible to restore my texts.
Cool
Try to uninstall it & it takes control of your voice mail every time. It will make you call a completely seperate # just to check them. Call sprint & the only way they can fix it is to do a hard reset to your phone!
Hey I can't restore anything. Errors!
Does exactly what its soposed to
Backing up works, I factory resetted my device only to find restoring didn't work. Please issue an update ASAP!
Doesn't restore the messages on my nexus 5 on kit kat. Waste of time and pointless app. :-(
Does what it says easily, quietly, consistently, and without battery drain.  Currently on Note 3 but I've had it also on my Droid Razr and old Motor DROID.   Love it.
Hi , wondering when the feature will works with KitKat ? Plz update it . thank .
Does not restore on 4.4 but works just fine on JB.
Very good as well.
And there's no babysitting. Set it, forget it, hide it I'm the app drawer. Perfect.
Get it together, please?
Great -  product does exactly what it says it's going to do in the background without issues.
This functionality should be built in to the Android OS, but until it is, this app is perfect!
Does not work on 4.4.2
Works as advertised. Never had a problem.
Great when it works... Dinnertime it doesn't.
This is a super easy to use program, its free and it takes up very little space on your phone. It backs up all of your files including photos that were sent with them.
It does, what I needed.
.
Set it to auto back up every 2 hours but it doesn't. I have to manually back up. Will change to 5 star when it's fixed. Great app. Will donate too when fixed. Note 3
Edit: Found the issue - it was still running on my old phone which was on wifi. I uninstalled it from the Galaxy s2 and it works on the nexus 5 now. Would be useful if the FAQ stresses that it works on only one phone at a time (for the same google account).(end edit)   I used this for about a year on the Galaxy S2 without problems. But am getting "Error during backup/restore: Unable to connect" on the nexus 5. All the steps have been followed according to the FAQ page. I'm very disappointed because there is no other app which will backup to gmail like this one.
Cannot restore in KitKat
Link to Gmail..
I like this a lot.
3 Stars until support for KitKat SMS restore is properly implemented. I wish there were more stars... :)
.. on my nexus 4 since I got 4.4
this app is superb, nice
It says io error and imap is enabled. I've successfully backed up my sms and it appears under the Sms label. But the text messages is splitted, they are like everywhere and not together in one huge thread as in my phone
Migrate from sony xperia E15i (android 2.1) to Lenovo P780, no problem at all! Thumbs up!!
Best App. For backup of Sms and call logs.
So, from what I've gathered, only the registered SMS/text app can insert text messages back into the phone...  There's already a backup app that does that but I have no backups on there.  Fix this and you're back to 5 stars.
Wonderful
Switching several phones in the last few months... backup over 10,000 texts, works perfect, then puts all my texts back on the next phone.
This app works superbly well
Great work
Sadly, this excellent app doesn't work with KitKat. It's probably not the developer's fault, but this means that it is currently not very useful. For previous versions of Android, it does exactly what it promises.
Strongly recommend.  Too ez.  Justin put your email address in the backs them up on there
I lick it
Seems the issue with 4.4 is SMS Backup + is not getting permissions to restore messages, I installed App Ops X (root version) and enabled Send SMS/MMS permissions and messages restored after I imported sms in Hangouts settings and restarted the app. Don't understand why that particular permission is denied but if it can be enabled in an update by the author of this app the issues will be resolved
I am using this app for the last 1-2 years, I didn't experience any problem.   Thanks for developing this app.  Kudos to this app.
Love it
Installed on Nexus 5 and SMS are not restored. Was working fine with Nexus 4.
It would great if we have an option to backup SMS and call log in the SD Card instead of Gmail.
Good
It's awesome u can just back up stuff
Its really nice...I just made my backup. ...
Never problems. HTC Desire.
Excellent works on KitKat 4.4.2
Easy and useful
Ist es vielleicht auch moglich das Intervall fur das WhatsApp-Backup selber einzustellen? Ich brauchte es stundlich! Oder bezieht er die Nachrichten aus der taglichen Backup-Datei des Messengers?
Doesn't work on 4.4
best
So glad I had this.  Works great.
I've had this app for almost 2 years and it works perfectly every time!
Please Bring Kitkat support, I'll rerate
This app does exactly what it's supposed to do and nothing more.
I mess around my os a lot. All these times I loose my old text messages which I wish I never did. Thanks to this app I have my text massages restored
Works great and I can read them away from my phone!
I love it.
Perfect for that special someone that sucks.
Simplicity at its best, sending it to email helps us manage and view it easily.  One request is to also backup BBM though! Keep up the good work guys.
Simple and excellent. This is the kind of app I wish I had written.
ok
Had to never look anywhere else after using this app for more than a year. I use a lot of custom ROMs and this is one tool that always 100% restores back my SMSes
Bad
I've used this across 3 phones for 3 years, but I couldn't move my texts to my new Nexus 5 because of the new way SMS is handled. SMS Backup & Restore worked.
Good app
Works great! Does exactly what it says, never lose a message if you lose or resort your phone.
I love this it is simple and efficient
Won't restore unless you choose "all" under advanced settings. I don't really want all 20K texts from two years of backups on my phone; the last 500 would be ideal, but no dice. 4.4 was a big change I guess, and unless you're using an AOSP Rom such as Cyanogenmod, Google has forced people to use Hangouts. Hopefully, this developer will update the app to fix the bugs for those of us who still use the original messaging app in 4.4 Kit Kat.
This app has been great and has saved me from losing my messages for quite a long time and I normally would give it 5 stars but because it can't restore the messages on my new phone I will give it 4 until that's fixed.
Thanks
Works perfectly!
This app does just what it says it will save ure text messages prior to wiping ure phone and you just reinstall it on ure new phone and upload it to the new device.  I think I did miss one text message particularly that I was looking for but not sure if it was my error or the app but either way it worked really well.
Great app works flawlessly
A great back up utility
Wish there was support for WhatsApp group messages backup, but for the most part does a great job!
Previously used with no problems on various phones however on new Nexus 5 can't tap to connect to my Gmail account.
Its great app to keep my messages!! And it's so easy!!
We need to backup contacts too
i backed up with android 4.1.x and restore with android 4.4.1. it doesn't work (with hangout)
super
I love that it saves my texts in gmail where I can easily view and search them... But I can't restore them back to my phone in Kit Kat.
Never failed me
Would like more specific sync conditions.
Does Not Restore on Kit Kat.
Easy to use & user friendly...
But now  it doesn't work...update please
Used this to backup my SMS before wiping my phone. Tried restoring the SMS, but all of the sms apps that I've tried (hangouts, handcent, textra) do not import the restored sms's. Not sure what the issue is.
Works beautifully on all of my devices! Nexus running 4.4, HTC One Google play edition running 4.4 and my sensation XE running 4.3.. Thank you for an awesome, free, trusted and reliable service.. Booooooom
The best
Doesn't seem compatible with kitkat. Just upgraded last night and tried to restore my msgs and got nothing. It was able to connect fine to Google and reported that everything was synced, but nothing appears in messages even after a reboot. Please fix and this would be an amazing app!
Found this tool to be the only app which allow back up on SMS, Whatsapp and Call logs to Gmail account (with limited research). Only one flaw I noticed is that this tool is not able to back up group chats in Whatsapp. If that is fixed I'll rate it a 5 star. For now, I rate it at 4 stars.
Used to work like a dream, now auto backup doesn't activate any more. Please fix.
The entire reason I downloaded this app was to back up incoming txts from a specific individual. Well, guess what?!?! Incoming txts will NOT back up!! Several others are having the same problem with little response only saying they cant duplicate the problem. Then go get the phones that we are saying your app isnt working on & try again. PLEASE!!! LG Optimus Showtime
This is the best one of the other backup & restore apps & the other app thats equally as important & necessary is where's my droid if I have no other app...it will be this & WMD!
Please update!
Works fine with Jelly bean but with kitkat i cant seam to restore my sms
I would realy donate u for this app if i had a credit or debit card. I think there is no option without taking this app. Its the only one. I love it. It make remember my memories. **********
very useful app!!!
I would have been impress if it was able to backup the entire text log but instead it randomly choses who and what part of the text will be save as a backup. If that problem is correct I will enjoy this app!
Used to be my go to backup for flashing ROMs. Doesn't work on latest android 4.4.1
Easy to use, fabulous app.
Also getting the Kit Kat error.
Very handy to have SMSs recorded and searchable.
Love this app. Super easy to use
Just updated to kitkat and its not able to restore the SMS
Started using this app after I lost all my SMS texts once. Love this app ever since. Hope it will get full KitKat support and Hangouts support soon so I can see my mails on my Nexus 5 soon.
Just needs to support KitKat for the final star as I've updated and can't restore.
Usually had no problems with the app, but with KitKat it doesn't restore my SMSs, could also be to do with new hangouts app.
But the fact that messages are restored in reverse order is a right pain!!!!
I have been using this for over 3 years and on more than 3 phones, never a problem on any android version.
Not work in android 4.4?
Good
Please fix the issue of restoring on kitkat
This out does GO SMS PRO!!!!!
This is a very handy app.  Needs to be updated to support  Android 4.4 Kitkat.
I found solution for SMS not restoring in KK. In KK this app doesn't have permission to write SMS. All you have to do is enable "write SMS" permission in hidden App Ops menu for this app. :D
Cool transfer n plz made for. Apple iPhone
Works as advertised
Just upgraded to KitKat and can't get my old SMS to restore. If I open Messaging during the restore I can see messages coming in, but as soon as it finishes all the messages disappear. I have hangouts disabled so that shouldn't be an issue. Hoping this gets fixed soon!
Doesn't work with 4,4 KitKat
I've used this app for a couple of years and it has always worked flawless! But on my Nexus 5 it doesn't work :-/
Why even backup mms and not support the restore of it?? Where do all of the mms messages that we save go?? Why can't we get them back?? Some of us have important things from people that are no longer with us that would like to see again..
I had been using this app for a long time and I loved it. Then suddenly I couldn't back up any SMS messages after August 9 (call logs and MMS backed up just fine). I thought there was something wrong with the app so I downloaded a few others and ran into similar issues. Finally, after months of being unable to back up texts, I manually searched for all messages in my phone dated August 9 and among them there was one from my mom with a bunch of goofy emoticons in it; I deleted that text and suddenly SMS Backup+ was working as great as ever. So the lesson is, if you're having trouble backing up, it might just be your mom's fault.
Wonderful app... done what I expected... hats off...
Doesn't seem to work on Android 4.4. Perfect on other versions
Why do you need to send emails to my contacts and read confidential information?
It is slower uploading to my google account, than making file and transferring the file, but easier.  I used WiFi at over 400mbit/sec too.
Cant restore sms on kitkat. Please fix this asap.
can dis b used to RESTORE the msgs to a diff device???
It does not work on Kit Kat (Nexus 5). I tried to restore my old messages but it wouldn't work. Nothing shows. It definitely needs to be upgraded.
Please update this as soon as possible! I love the setup of 4.4 and I want to be able to restore my SMS messages to the right place. This app is great!
Needs to be able to work in the background. It gets interrupted when you go to other programs. Also, even though I've selected everything for backup, not all sms are backed up. I have to do it again to make sure all are backed-up.
Gives a secure feeling that my text messages are backed up all the time. No glitches with the current version 1.5.5
Great app! But please look into KitKat support issue, app refuses to restore saved messages
Loved this app some day one. Innovative and seamless
Works perfectly for backing up every sms and call log to my Gmail account! The best app available. EDIT: Please add Kitkat support!
I just upgraded my phone to KitKat and find my old messages are gone after a momentary flash.  This is an excellent utility. Can the Developer please look into it.
Choose a different backup app if restoring to 4.4 Kitkat. If you trusted the developer you will lose all your messages until the app is updated.
Restored bunch of threads with no contents at all, only shows contacts with "no subject". And  WTH there is a three-dots button on navigation bar that does exactly the same thing as the setting button on action bar?! Please fix it.
Wish it hadn't reordered my texts within conversations tho.
gr8 for android
Very useful apps and very good sms, mms, call log backup
I have a Galaxy S4 with new firmware. It do not work. It says that its doing back up but when i go back to my gmail.i do not see anything. Same thing happened on the previous firmware also. Tried uninstalling and installing it few times but no luck. There is another SMS back up which is less heavy and back SMS appropriately. The only reason i liked this was because of whatsapp backup capability. Might rate it 5 star if it works for me.
Dont bother using this if you're on Kit Kat, 4.4
Does as advertised. Functional, easy, works great. One of a few back up apps & only one i recommend.
SMS restore to Nexus 5 with Default SMS app using Handcent  Calculating...Restoring...100/100 but 0 SMS inside Handcent. Even using others SMS app ex: GO SMS Pro also same. Please help.
its simple its easy its quick to setup and the app takes care of the rest on its own. love the whatsapp functionality addition.. u rock Mr Jan Berkel... :)
Originally gave it 5 stars but know after the 4.4 update it doesn't automatically backup.
thing!
This app was great until I upgraded to 4.4 nd now it only restores 1 message and says the remaining 9000 are duplicates.
Sms cant be restored in android 4.4 nexus4.
Lisa mejor si nunca quieres perder tus conversaciones.
I had some issues upgrading to Kit Kat and had to wipe my phone to get it running again. After installing all my apps I tried to restore my 17,000+ messages and as other people have mentioned they show up for half a second and then they are gone. This app has worked behind the scenes for me for two years or more without a worry. I'm looking forward to an update to fix the issue and return the five stars!
Great app. But when I finally actually needed it after upgrading to 4.4 it doesn't work. hopefully an update on the way!
I love this app and has been using it since loonnnng time ago. But after KitKat upgrade sms restoration doesn't work. Call logs works fine though.
Loved it on JB, doesn't restore SMS on KitKat... :( Seems to work for a few seconds, then SMS messages just dissapear...Will give 5 stars after update solves that :)
Great app but doesn't automatically backup whatsapp messages, I have to manually do it. If this could be fixed I would give it 5 stars
I enjoy that it backs everything up to Gmail, so that I can search and find things later.
This has been my go to app for sms backup and restore when switching phones. No longer works for restoring sms on 4.4/KitKat devices (nexus4/5) backups still work and are view-able in gmail.   Hope there is a work around/fix/update in the works.
After the last update, the app was unable to connect to server after the first connection being setup.. data was backuped properly.. failed to connect later.. plz sort out the problm.. Thankxx!
This app no longer works on my droid RAZR maxx HD. Have used it for over a year but I will be uninstalling it.
Works well, does what it claims, makes searching archived messages easy.
Done a great service for me, works great and fast. Recommend to anyone who needs to switch his phone!
Restoration problem occurs that is when i try to restore my backed up sms into my the massages of same contact are restored in two different threds. Sir, pleaae solve this issue bcoz my all massages are important for me and i don't want to lost them. Plz fix it
I just got the nexus 5, and I can't restore my sms because of the new messaging app. Luckily it's all on my gmail. I hope to see an update soon!
We need Android 4.4 (Kit Kat) support. Fortunately since I also use Google voice everything can still be seen.
I upgraded my phone from an HTC to a Samsung. So glad I did some research and found this app. It downloaded all of my messages from my old phone! Super happy about that. Thanks again for creating this great app !!
Very nice job I was able to take my important messages off the phone that I gave ro my son and restore my critical messages to my new phone.  I will make a donation and appreciate the program.	Would have been nice to have a  one button click to back up all instead of going thru and selecting each conversation.
D
Had 29 unread messages in my inbox for almost 4 montbs and those messages were nowhere to be found in my phone. Bumped into this app. Back up sms in my gmail account and boom! Was able to read those messages un my gmail. Amazing!
Works perfectly and very easy on battery.
I've been using this app for a few months (mostly as an afterthought - I back up EVERYTHING on every app possible), but after my most recent soft brick, this was the only backup app that was able to restore my SMS and Call Logs.  Great app!
While it shows restoring on the new 4.4 Google Edition once it finishes, and you open the messenger app the restored messages flash briefly then everything goes blank as if nothing in the log.  Hopefully, this just means an update...  tried clearing data in messenger and tried multiple times.
I have been trying to Backup my SMS & Whatsapp Data for months now,  where earlier it had backed-up certain data now (for almost 2 months) it calculates, shows backing up and then fails giving an IO Error!  I am using a Motorola XT910 handset running 4.0 version of Android.
Thanks for keep updating
Works flawlessly, its all you need to get the job done
Restore not working on KitKat 4.4
Very reliable to back up memorable text messages.
simple , usefull , one of the must have apps. work great on KitKat 4.4 . I will donate the devleloper for sure.
That was much easier than I expected & I can search old messages in my Gmail account. Wonderful.
Please update to support KitKat
I've been happily using this for years but after upgrading to android 4.4 KitKat (I wiped the phone) I found that restoring messages does show a progress indicator but the messaging app remains apparently empty. Is there a fix coming?
Most reliable backup software I've used. I keep being surprised to find mms and sms when searching my Gmail. Very smooth integration.
Not Compatible With KitKat
messages aren't restoring in kit Kat
Love it. Perfect!
I used this application only 3 times and immediately made the decision to donate. Wonderful job devs...
Great app for backing up all sms logs and call details to Gmail account. If you don't have Gmail, then look elsewhere. For Gmail users one of the better and simpler apps out there for this function. Once backed up you can log in to Gmail and actually see the messages as well, so then these can be edited. If a new ROM or device is wiped/reset, this app will restore the SMS and call logs as they were at the time of backup. Also has Automated backup schedule so you don't have to remember.
This is best app for SMS backup. But it don't backup my sent items Is there any solution for this problem?
I am unable to restore messages of my whatsapp. It bacjed up but wont be able to restore. Will give 5* if  this error will rectify
Using go SMS pro as SMS launcher and am nt able to restore my messages Please fix
I have backup about 230,000 of SMS. And it's all smooth and good.   only issue i have is, why is Gmail only showing 100 smses per mail thread?   Is there a way to make gmail show all threads regarding the contact i am texting with?
My backup failed when I tried to restore from my Google account post KitKat upgrade
Love it. It has come in handy several times as I've updated something, changed ROMs, etc  but needed some info from a previous text. Just need it to be updated to support Kit Kat.
Used it on four different android versions/phones. Works perfectly, no bugs, no need to doublecheck if it works. Does exactly what it's meant for.
Doesn't work on Android 4.4 because it cannot be selected as default SMS app. This app cannot write SMS on phone internal memory i.e. all restored messages are deleted. Please update this app and my review will be 5 stars again.
recently i have switched my device from SE ray to Nexus4.  it was doing backup & restore properly on SE-ray. but after switching to nexus, it is not retrieving the backup sms.  however, the backup sms (@my gmail) are there and i can read those.   any clue to ho resolve this?
I have been using this to backup the messages. For the first time I tried to restore the messages after upgrading to KitKat on my Nexus4. Its unable to Restore. Useless. What's the point of backing up when you can't restore it when needed?
I tried many apps but this came out as simply perfect.  The both way function is just great. But having issues since I installed Kitkat 4.4 on my Nexus 4; restored messages automatically been deleted...
Used forever
Up starr
Has been working good.  Have an issue with restoring large amounts... doesn't resume well. But luckily not necessary that often.
Won't restore sms messages to my nexus 5, call log worked though
You're like the only app that hasn't updated support for 4.4 yet. Disappointed.
I love this app. But since I upgraded to 4.4 and had to factory reset my phone it does not work. Could not restore my messages successfully. Please provide support for android 4.4. Thanks.
App used to work fine but the auto backup feature suddenly stopped working on or around November 7th 2013. Not sure what has changed, but I hope the author looks into the issue soon.
I've really liked this app since I started using it however I've just migrated to Android 4.4 and my SMS messages aren't restoring - I'm hoping there's a fix on the way!
Installed from github, restored, it worked. Thank you!
Have been using this for over 2 years now. Program works seamlessly in the background to backup all my messages. You can then look at the messages on the Gmail account which you have it associated to or restore all back to phone. No option to filter certain messages for restoring to phone. Would be nice if you could have it restore based on a date range /only certain contacts . All in all, a great app worthy of a download
I have all my SMS backed here but can't restore with out an update for 4.4 KitKat please update this app ASAP
The simplest and best
after 4.4 update text messages fail to sync... :(
everything worked well but when i tried to restore my SMS it just doesn't get restored.
Works flawlessly on my HTC One XL on 4.3, but having moved to a Nexus 5 on 4.4 I cannot get to all of my old messages. Five stars because I know this works and works well, I'd just like a little fix for 4.4 if it's no trouble.
It will not restore correctly in Hangout on KitKat  But call log is working fine
Great app
Great app, it does just what I need. The only annoying thing is that "Email address style" settings can not be saved, i.e. I have to re-set it manually after every reboot. Also, as a feature request - it would be great to allow saving not only name and number of the contact, but also the "Type" field of the number (usually in Google Contacts it is just Work/Mobile/Home, but many people use "Custom" and keep some valuable info there).
I CANT USE  I ALWAYS GET ERROR
Fail to backup and recover my SMS in KitKat platform - Mako/Nexus 4 tested on official KitKat and PSX Custom ROM
Really a good app... Work perfectly back up everything I need to see. 10 if I could give it to.
Its crap . not working
Backed up 4000 messages, I can see them in gmail, but can't restore them... Says it's restoring, and completed the process, but still no messages in my sms app... Quite disappointing.
Do its job :)
Are u kidding? It's not even backing up ALL of the text messages to gmail. #POINTLESS
Can't fault it
It always gets stuck at the same number and you have to restart again. But will be stuck at the same number again. I wish you could tell it to continue from a certain number,
Does the job perfectly.   Donated the developer for the amazing work. Thank you very much. Keep it up.
Needs KitKat support!!!!
The app can't restore the texts in android 4.4. Please fix
Will you update the app to support Android 4.4? As of now, it doesn't work and I can't restore my backed up SMS.
What about Hangouts support?
Awesome app so far but now with 4.4 update restore is no more working... Please fix ASAP.
Not backing up old sms, mms only new obes an only in auto backup mode, please fix. Whatsapp masages are backing up fine
Awesome
Do I have to constantly keep the backed up items in the inbox of my gmail because that gets annoying. What happens if I delete then from my inbox and put them in trash and empty the trash? Will it still be backed up? And also does it back up the items you had (text messages, call logs, etc) before you started using the app or does it only back up from since the app was installed?? Any help would be great
Hi guys, love the app but since updating to 4.4 Kit Kat on my Nexus 4, the restore function is not working! The messages being restored are blank. Any chance of a Kit Kat friendly update asap?
This app was great before update now its telling me "error during backup/restore":unable to conect on my htc wildfire s please fix was a great app
Twice I've installed to backup texts before I had to switch to a new device and both times nothing is there to be restored. Even had the date listed that I did the backup, but said nothing to recover. Precious messages gone.
Works perfectly, especially when moving from one phone to another. Update 11/19/2013: still works perfectly when using Hangouts as your text messaging app on Android 4.3.
Google should look at this app and incorporate the functionality into AOSP.  Love it.  Please update it so it works with kit kat hangouts new SMS program.
Sometimes it's stops synchronizing and redoes the whole process from the start.. Downloading even the older data from the start...
Release a fix quickly for restore function on Nexus 5 - I can't give you more stars until that happens..  Apparently you don't have permissions to modify the SMS database on Kit Kat?  Cited from a Google product forums: (Liliana Z) "From what I understand, as of KitKat, only one (default) SMS application is allowed to write into the relevant database. To select an app as default it needs to be registered for certain actions, and I'm guessing SMS Backup+ doesn't do it at the moment (it doesn't appear on the list of apps that can be selected as default SMS app, whereas the mentioned SMS Backup and Restore does). That's why to restore anything you need to switch the backup app temporarily to be the default one, and then switch back to whatever you want. This worked for me. I expect this will be fixed shortly in most backup applications. For now, if you're in a hurry, just use one of these that work."
Doesn't restore to hangouts plz help
I've been using it forever. It's great.
Really lovely app. So easy to migrate my call log and sms's to my new phone.
It's really a great breakthrough in keeping backup my important sms. As i always do some R & D on my phone, so i've to factory reset my phone time to time, Now I am worried more of losing my important text messages any more ! Thanx !
Had tried GO SMS pro's cloud backup and then tried restoring but took a lot of my time And didn't get restored.  With this app, backing up with gmail and then restoring from gmail, very well done.  *Not rating 5/5 since the app was taking a bit long to backup. I hope it improves. Cheers!
Installed, configured Gmail IMAP, backed up SMS/MMS,  after few minutes it says IO Error. Personally, I would rather use Samsung Kies if you own a Samsung phone.
Unable to see imported texts on nexus 5(kikat)
It says there is nothing to back up......damb
Excellent for moving info to new device... and keeping track of calls and texts right in Gmail
Works well and keeps my messages safe! Still has the menu button of shame though :(
Best app for sms and call log backups.
Used to work great, but can't restore to my new Nexus 4 with KitKat. Says there are duplicates, but the messages are not on my device.
After updating to ver. 1.5.5 I can no longer backup sms or call log on T-Mobile Sony Xperia Z.
I look forward to using this app again when this works!
Love this app.
My SMS label set up correctly and the texts are going on there, however, they are ALSO going into my inbox.  I checked the settings and it's not showing a label of inbox for SMS.  Any advice?  I dont want my texts going to the inbox, just want them stored in the SMS label
Shame its not possible to skip email backup...
Doesn't work with KitKat... Please help!
Great app, doesn't seem to work on kitkat
Hi there, I always regarded SMS+ Backup a very useful app, unfortunately, on my new Nexus 5 it constantly keeps crashing. I don't know if there is any correlation with Hangouts (as this is the new SMS manager/app in 4.4). Anyway, keep up the good work.
Amazingly perfect and feature rich.
Works great
Must have for any android user.
Great App but unfortunately not compatible with Android 4.4 KitKat.
How do I check my restored messages
great app, I'm using it for years now but it doesn't restore messages in kitkat.. call logs are ok though..
We need to restore our SMS on 4.4!!!
It is not working on android 4.4. I could not retrieve any of my text message. Plz fix and I will give it 5 stars
Works perfectly .love this app !takes really long sometimes though
Issue - sms and call logs are not archived. they show up in inbox. On the same account, different phones. What can the problem be?  Thanks. love the app! I'm giving 5 stars, but only bumping this to 1 star so i can get help.
Restore didn't work on android 4.4
everything worked on Nexus 5 (android 4.4), EXCEPT it didn't restore sms back to stock sms app which is now HANGOUT... ><
Works as it should. Period
All time best app to backup contacts and call logs
this throws around ur texts when you restore. then it doesn't restore properly.. the order was wrong.. book
Like other reviewers have said, the auto restore restores messages backward, completely messing up the timeline of the messages. It does back up well though.
This app works great with the stock messaging app.  Doesn't work with hangouts
Nice app
Whatsapp messages can only backup,  they can't be restored, it this a bug or a forgotten action?
Great works as promised!
It really saves me when I break or change phones.( seems to be too often! )
This works well and will auto backup all your SMS to Gmail. It won't currently restore your messages to KitKat devices though.
I cannot restore on kitkat
Please help.
Doesn't work on nexus 5 it says restored but nothing visible.
I liked it
It backs up all my messages and call history. It goes to my gmail which is awesome because I'm always changing phones lol.
There are a lot of backup options. I like SMS Backup + for the simple reason that I do not need another account, I do not need another log in, it just backs up my SMS and call logs to my gmail.   Out of sight, out of mind, until I need them.
Has always worked great in the past so I'll fix my vote when the app is fixed.  Isn't working with new kit Kat 4.4.  Won't restore with the native sms being hangouts. Keeps deleting the messages. Please fix!
The app worked well in ICS and JB, however with KK the app is no longer able to restore, maybe due to the merging of SMS and hangout, I hope it is fixed soon
Restore doesn't yet work on KitKat
User friendly and useful.
I've been through 4 phones so far, and I've kept my texts since the first one. EDIT: on nexus 5 now, does not seem to be compatible with KitKat/hangouts for SMS. Please fix this if possible. I've been a big fan of this app.
Great app, but now needs to be updated to restore correctly with 4.4
Good app!
As others have pointed out, the restore is not 100% working properly on the Nexus 5/4.4 KitKat
Amazingly awesome
Used to be great. Backup still works but restore fails on 4.4. Emailed developer but no response. I would suggest avoiding if you intend to use 4.4.
Amazing app! Please add more tolerance/increase timeout to network and add option to retry  times w/delay if sync failed! Great app overall and active dev team!
Restore does not work in KitKat. Please fix??
I did a backup before migrating from my N4 to N5.  I only had it back up SMS messages from my starred contacts in Android.  When I finished setting up my N5, I opened the app to restore my SMS messages.  It went through like it was restoring the messages, but none of them show up in Hangouts.
A must have app!
Works great!
Thanks for the app.  To show my support I gave ya 5 bucks
They introduced sms with Google hangouts but if you make that your main app it won't sync the text from hang out.
Can't restore old text messages to new hangouts sms app. Please fix!
No regrets. 5/5.
Moved to a new phone.   Tried restoring my sms messages that were backed up.    Out of hundreds of conversations,  it restored exactly THREE messages.    Said it discarded a ton of dupes.  WTF?   A backup app is useless unless it can actually restore....   #fail
Love this app 10 stars Galaxy Note3
Works great on KitKat, letting me back up SMS from the new Hangouts app.  Backup works but not restore. Needs the new SMS permissions.
This is the best backup app,  period
Excellent.
This app has save me money! I was billed for text services I did not request. This app backed-up those text messages which I used to have the charges reversed.
Any chance of an update so that we can restore sms to hangouts? cheers
Works as described, all my SMSes are now backed up and searchable in Gmail. Metadata is stored in private headers, so it is still there if you need it but does not get in the way.
Under Android 4.4 the backup work perfectly, but the restore works only for the call logs! Please fix that!!!
Please fix for nexus 5, restoring to nexus 5 doesn't do anything!
This backup saved me when my phone died. Didn't miss a call or a text!
Very usefully
Thanks to the creator
Used to work flawlessly, but needs updating so that it can be set as default SMS app before it will restore SMS on KitKat.
This is one of those apps that makes you wonder "why isn't this a thing yet?". Well, now it is and it is great.
I would give this app five stars because it worked flawlessly before the update. But now its not backing up anything and I keep getting an iO error every time I try to run it on my HTC DNA. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling it to see if it fixed the problem but it didn't. I'm not sure what changed to make it stop working properly but I hope its fixed soon. I love this app when it works.
Good
Doesn't restore as it can't be set as the default SMS app.. Seemed to back up the messages to gmail OK (although maybe it would be faster if you queued up all actions instead of executed them 1 at a time?)
Can't restore SMSs in ansrod 4.4
Broken in KitKat. Can not restore SMS.
Superb app!!   easy to use and does everything I need for my SMS backup,  5 Stars +
Like it
Seems like a straight forward app. But PLEASE add support for hangouts for nexus 5 asap
Stopped working on KitKat.
Doesn't work on Nexus 5. Should be part of Android.
This is always the first app I configure, it's incredibly useful to me.  Simple to set up, and it's a "configure it and forget it thing". Now even supports WhatsApp.  Good job!
Just superb App.... I was just in need of it and I found it... It works so well...
Needs to be updated to support the new Google Hangouts that support SMS. Currently on the Nexus 5. Hangouts is not showing the old messages restored from gmail.
Helps in keeping online backups.
Excellent
Will not restore to Nexus 5 and default messaging app, Hangouts. Please fix!
Wish that the app can backup WhatsAPP group message
Unable to restore old SMS on Nexus 5.
Brilliant app
Love this app, been using for years but doesn't currently restore to Hangouts, presumably due to API changes. Not sure if it backs up yet...
Please allow blacklisting of some numbers!
Great Application Very Helpful
The best sms back up.
IO error since 29th oct 2013 :( Android 4.2.1 Qmobile A900 / BLU lifeplay
Does what it says on the tin
Nice
When restoring to Nexus 5 the process appears to work but there are no SMS in hangouts and they are all corrupted in an SMS app like Hancent.
It's worked great for years. Send a donation!
Love it
Only if you have a Google account.
Couldn't be much more complete.  Excellent and extremely useful app.
Please add Viber messages backup
I love the simplicity. However, I want to know why some messages aren't restored? I thought maybe because of intentional deletion. But all msgs are intentionally deleted. Hence the reaeon for the app. Am I missing something?
Took 3 hours to create backup....and at the finishing time given error and aborted
Why my inbox doesnt get backup? First, my inbox get backup, but now . .. not anymore .. . :(
I got this to back up some 17000 messages on my phone. It worked great and got about 5-6 thousand before failing and saying IO error. I tried again, and the same thing happened. Please fix this issue or let me know what to do. Thanks.
Doesn't work... Won't download due to error message
I never lose any of my info! Ever!
My backups are not being archived and are polluting my inbox. Gmail filters don't seem to work.
This is really a genious app ! I use it for quite some time now, and it never failed on me !  Will it be possible al so to RESTORE Whatsapp messages in the near future ? At this moment only backups can be made and no restores.
This is the best SMS backup app out there. Not only does it backups SMS but also call logs and whatsapp too. Best thing about it that the backup is done on the personal gmail account.
Big thanks, this feature should be natively come with android
Works dangright
this saved every conversation I had on my text to my gmail acctn.
Easy to use
Backup fails get IO error
g8 app vry hlpful
This is really a superb app... it works really welllll . Great job !!!!!!!!!!!! by the developer
I like this app. I am able to save all my sms, call logs, contacts, and Whatsapp messages .. thanks to the developers :)  but .. it would be great, if the messages get stored in gmail chat format instead of mails for every sms/msgs.  Still loving it :)
Really sir. You made the wonderful software, when I open my Gmail I am really happy to see everything in respective labels. Thank you sir
Love it. I can use Gmail to search for an old text because it's all backed up. Been using for 3+ years.  *Make sure to set the settings to your preferred preferences!
Lovely app ...it completely up loaded my sms to gmail....<3
It only takes 5mins to configure and you never have to give it another thought. JUST PERFECT!
This app does exactly what it needs to do, and because of that I rate it a 5.
Great app
Now all my sms backups are just my conversations not the other persons.  Galaxy s4
Features are good but its sending mails automatically while sms and call log are taken backup in gmail using the mail id available in phone contact. BACKUP ARE FOR PERSONAL REFERENCE.
This app is amazingly useful  and easy to use .. Good job! Keep it up ;)
Best bacup
Sms restored are not in right order, althought time sent sms is correct.
This would be great if it didn't take so long to back up items. It's taking about 1 second pre item to back up, with over 3000 items it'll take forever. Uninstalling.
I love this app. It is the absolute reason why I stick with android as my cellphone platform.   My only complaint is that when MMS fail to download and it backs up before the MMS downloads, you have an empty mail and the picture never gets  backed up.
It has not been backing up my call logs.
Removing app.
Perfect
I am using Nexus 4.Due to some technical error my mobile handset date time has set future date which is 26 December 2013 and my back up plus 24 hrs scheduler was activated. Now I have corrected my timing of my mobile with current date time but your tool is not allowing me to backup because it's showing last time backup date in future which is 26 December 2013. Is there any way where it can be resolved? Please help me or else I may need switch another app because I don't want to loose my data
Been using it from the day I got my first android phone. The whats app backup update is way too cool. Donations on the way :)
Helped me out so much!
Messages are restored in a reverse order. It seems I'm not the only man experiencing the issue. Also the app has a "donate" button but nothing about feedback.
I love this app. Syncs to my gmail and then restores to my phone.
This is an app made with ultimate brilliance. Now we have an option to manage everything under one roof of Gmail. Not sure why Google ignored this part which they could have easily added under backup/sync options.  Thanks for making life easy.
Useful app
Thanks for this APP
When I sync, I keep getting a message "IO ERROR."  Please fix!
Great App
Works as advertised.  Install configure and forget. A staple app on every phone I buy.
Great work
Great app.  Able to save special messages
Have been using this since the original version by the previous developer. Now with Whatsap backup it deserves more than 5 stars! By the way, how often does it backup whatsapp messages? I noticed it only backs up like once a day? How do I make it backup more frequently?
This app is exactly what I was looking for. Works great.
It only backed up my side of the conversation so it looks like I was talking  to myself. Anybody else have this problem?
Excellent app worth the download
one of the best app i've ever had. One more thing to be five stars: can you make the conversation to skip over the inbox just archive them under the labels of call log and sms. Everything i backup them they will be every where in my inbox.
Hi, Really thanks for this great app!! Work like a charm. How to backup just a text message for whatsapp? Its quite big to upload a recording and picture.
The only one I've ever needed.
Hello,  My Call log is getting backed up, but it can't be restored :( Any idea what should I try?  BR...
Awesome, very easy to use... no technical knowledge required. Great job done Jan
ITS NOT WORKING .EVERYTIME SHOWS ERROR
Seems to backup and restore fine but where is the file stored.  Can't find it in Gmail or Google drive.  Don't get it
It was working when i first installed it, but now it has not been able to back up since july.
I have using this application for a number of years and it's always worked wonderfully on all of my devices.
Awesome. Keep it up
Gets the job done! Every time.
Just downloaded this app. It's a badass, a little bit of a pain to read, but it sent them to email, which will go to paper. Great app!
Good apps. Recommended...
This app started off great and was copying all the messages back and forth from a single contact that I needed, after a few weeks of using it, it only copied over what I had to say. I was trying to use it for legal reasons and it proved unfit, perhaps if they had a dollar version with better support I would consider buying it. But as it is I will never try another app like this again.
Does its job to a T. I love it!
Great app, simple, I use this to view my SMS's on my pc, such a breeze to use too
Nice way to save your messages to gmail.
Nice
It helped me transfer data from my old phone to new
I have 26k messages to back up and it took forever then bombed out with a "network error" after several hours.  Tried doing it in chunks of 500 messages at a time but the threading was lost.  Even tried 100 a time and still threading didn't work plus it would have taken 260 backups!  Using SMS Backup and Restore instead now, backed up to XML in less than a minute with no dramas.
Thank you. I found this app very useful. It will very good if there's an option to backup all SMS in one email. But even with the current conversation mode, I can easily copy paste each email.
Back up with old phone with same google account but now can't restore with new phone
Great
But i need to have option to minimal  "incoming schedule time": immediately or at least much less that 1 minute.
Works awesome when switching roms
Puts messages in inbox also very annoying. If you can make an option to hide app from app drawer that would be perfect
This is one of the apps I am the most grateful for. It has saved me time and hassle switching between ROMs.
Possibly the best of its kind
It does what it says.
Works perfectly, l go to my Gmail account and my texts are all there. Sweet.
Thanks to this app I was able to catch my ex cheating, It's a story I would love to tell! Lol saved myself hundreds of dollars just by knowing what she really up too,  whoever created this app I would like to shake their hand personally! Thanku! Thanku! Thanku!!
Backs up SMS to Gmail under SMS label and hence makes it searchable in Gmail search. We can access this SMS in Gmail, even years after we have deleted it from the device
The only but is: you could change 'Grant Access to Google account' method to the one used by Gtasks, much simpler
I love this app. It's great to have in case you lose your text history.
Love this app... Great for any business..
Hi i am unable to backup or restore my data
Feat.request: post SMS to calendar. Great great app! Congratulations dev.
very good to backup my sms
I was able to get my now ex to admit to several things in txt msg  and give to attorney. Saved me thousands of dollars
Having trouble. Can see only mms, not sms. Not apps fault tho.
A brilliant app.  Exactly what I was looking for, and more.
It's always worked well for me in my S2 but after installing it on my new Samsung Note 3 and restoring all my smses to it, it has been eating up my battery life. It uses abt 30% of my battery now even at idle state. My regular backup is at 24h while incoming sms is backed up every hour. Something is not quite right.
Awesome
Very easy to use
Didn't use it yet
It just works as it should
Just awesome!
Whenever I restore my SMS messages the date on those messages is Dec 31, 1969 @ 1900. What's that about? Also need to hurry up and fix so that MMS messages are restored
Seems OK but where is backup stored.
Useful & practical.. Love it
Does everything it's supposed to and light weight too. Would love if it backed Viber messages up too? Any chance in future?
After installing It wont sync messages online that was received / sent before installing.
I have all my meetings in my calendar, and with this I can remember all my calls to better identify (and plan/avoid) my real stress triggers (OK, pile-ups), not just try to micromanage the stuff everybody else flips out about.
App does what it says but what's app does not back up fast like sms/mms would love this fixed
After the most recent updates, this app finally does what I want it to do... Backup my MMS messages alone! Before, it used to backup my SMS messages as well, even if I didn't select them. Now, all of my MMS messages are backed up, without fail.  I'd give this app 10 stars if I could!
Works great. Just as advertised!
I have been using this app for quite sometime but suddenly it has stopped doing my sms backups. Call logs are being captured but not smses. I have no idea how to fix this.
Stores all text message in a folder on your Gmail account. Quite fast but works best with Wi-Fi
Thank you very much for the product. So simple and effective!
An excellent app and very easy to follow. Dead chuffed with it, thanks.
I change ROMs often,with this I'll never loose my SMSs...great.
Not restoring call log like it used to. Still the best out there.
Love It. Has helped me many times when my phone has crashed. Still able to have my texts and even print em out through email if needed. Great job.
After updating my phone to 4.0.4 the app never backed up any sms, and crashing continuously draining the battery.  Giving low rating just for your attention.  Galaxy s2 Platinum.farooq@gmail.com
Google should have done this a long time ago... Move all messaging to the cloud, and unify.
I've been using Gmail as a central communication hub for quite a while now, but SMS had never been part of it. With this app, I can now be confident that all my written communications are archived and ready to be pulled up by a search. The app's design and functionality are great, settings are transparent and documentation is informative. Plus, it's free if you don't want to thank the devs and donate!
So far I've switched through a few phones and this works flawlessly
Thank You
It worked unlike the blue clock.
Need to extend function viber back up .
Finally I can spy on msgs :D hohohaha
just perfect!
Thx Google play, it's very easy find my back up.
I've had this app installed for years! Still backing up like a charm. Keeps my phones SMS all tidy :) Would be great if app conversations should be automatically archived, as opposed to just being marked as "Read" in Gmail!
It's a good app but I would give 5 stars if it was possible to save in a file else than in my mailbox.
I backed up nearly 7000 texts all at once. It took about 2 hours to both back up and restore. But it seems to have restored everything flawlessly. Easy to use... thanks for the great app.
Stupid program!  when set up for auto backup, it actually deleted all my sms after 12 hours cycle. Wish never had installed it now.
Love it
My last review was an old one..I LOVE THIS APP. I used to jam up my phones saving numerous texts, & I can now delete w/o worry. Anyone who thinks it takes too long, had phone or provider issues. And check your app settings for backup times. I've used this on 4 phones now and its one of the 1st things I install. I'm not sure if an update has been made so SMS & calls are backed up when a  phone is off (or broke w/service) but that would be the sht. PLEASE pleeeeaaaase add this feature if possible! I'll pay!
Works perfect
First class
Keep permanent record of your calls & SMS uh
Copied all my text messages to my Gmail account exactly as it said it would.   Wish I had known about this app sooner.  Thank you so much!  I couldn't be more pleased with this app!
This app saves your messages to your gmail and I love it because sometimes there are just some texts that you aren't ready to part with.
Auto-backup broken since upgrade from 4.2 to 4.3. Please fix!! (SGS3 on Android 4.3)
Useful app. .
Very good!!!
great
Great product
Hi, its a great apps. Just one drawback, backing up Whatsapp doesnt include group conversation. Please fix it. Thanks.
Pretty useful esp if you are using gmail  on your PC and need to search through SMS or call log when the phone is not around. Now no more backing up to ext storage. It took a bit of time for the first sync. Since then it's been a breeze.
Just what i need!
Guys i am unable to download the app. Its giving me some weird error "Could not be downloaded due to error(927). Please help me out
One of most important apps on my phone. Stores my sms history in gmail and calls on my calendar. My phone jest got stolen but I can easily recover my sms and call log to another phone. 5 stars!
This app just works. Does excatly what it's meant to do.
Only backed up whatsapp and one SMS message. Not one SMS conversation, just one message. Went through settings again and continually tried to backup, but keeps saying there is nothing to backup
Backs up your sms & call log instantly in gmail and allows you to restore or review sms and the call logs within gmail under their respective label
Only saves messages from me not who I'm texting.
Works perfectly and does what it says. I love having an easily searchable back up of all my texts.
I really like this app but now it start giving some problems, auto back up is not working even manual process is also not working and getting error while signing in.  Please fix it asap as it not only me there are lots of other having the same issue as well.  Thanks
Works
Good
sms are not being automaticaly backed-up.....any guide line?? if i do it manually it did but not doing automaticaly
Pretty decent stuff.
Been an amazing 3rd pay tool to deal with a vengeful ex.
Reliable through out the years.can't restore call logs though but that isn't bothering me yet
Why is the fact that your app CANNOT restore WhatsApp messages not highlighted in the main text along with MMS warning. Because of you I lost my WhatsApp messages. Yes there is a note, but that's deep inside your read me content and also not highlighted there as well. Thanks a lot buddy! for me making me lose my precious memories.
With the latest version of SMS Backup+, SMS is not getting backedup.  Please fix it. Since It was working perfectly with old version.
The app allow me to backup all sms and call log to my gmail acc. It's perfect..  i wanna give 10 stars for you but what can i  do.. google only allow max 5 stars..
Drains battery
Great app it works 100%
Brilliant work to backup permanently on Gmail.
Saved every sms like conversation. Need to be fixed
Good
Backs up, restores sms, mms, and call logs automatically to gmail.  I've searched for years for an app like this. Always works!
I can't restore my data
A very useful apps for me
This app has been one of the most useful apps on my phone and it just got more useful. WhatsApp backup was an issue since ever and u finally brought a way take it to the cloud(gmail label) Thanks a million dev. Would give ur app 500 stars for this. Edit: Wait what about the emojis from WhatsApp? Gmail doesn't support them?
Works every time. No fuss, just works.
Does what it's supposed to do. And does it well!
I used to love this for backing up my ex's ridiculous rantings so I could have proof of her idiocy.  Now it won't work since the last update that supposedly fixed issues.  I will be uninstalling, but I used to love this program.  It was a 5, now have to downgrade until it gets fixed. Trust Anchor something something...
Excellent
How to make the backup emails auto-archive? The backups are cluttering my inbox! Would be glad to pay for the auto archive. That aside, I love the WhatsApp backup feature!
Can't believe this is available.  Wonderfully made app.
Auto backup has normally worked but over the past week it doesn't seem to work please fix this
Good app
Does what it claims to do and does it well. Love it.
Aaaaa amazing
perfect ,, thanks
Got lots of lost stuff back thanks devs...
I can't even begin to tell you how many times this app has saved me!  Thanks!
When i tried to restore my sms and call log it's only restored my sms, but not my call log.
Too helpful
Works as described at least the backing up part. Have not tried restore. Could've been much much faster.
Awesome made my work easy
Restore function doesn't work when the message is deleted via go sms. Hope to fix that soon, but great app :)
Must have app for regular phone changers..enjoy
Works great!
Hey  Excellent app Have been using it for a long time...  Backup of whatsapp is amazing feature.   There is a flaw though.  It doesn't backup group messages in WhatsApp.   Please make this work..   Thanks.
Simply best app
Great App!!
I love having SMS backed up to my Gmail. What truly convinced me of the power of this app was when I had to get a new phone, and I was able to restore more than a year's worth of texts in a short amount of time thanks to this app.
Thanks found the solution for sms backup.
Very good app. 5 stars if it could do restore of Whatsapp messages. Thanks to the developer for releasing it under GPL.
I wish you could be more selection with the restore. The restore isn't quite perfect either.   Good little app though.
Really fantastic, simple app, has been very helpful.  A must if you need to restore after a reset, or compile/share messages.  Works well on Samsung Galaxy. Thank you!
Didn't restore all my texts. Fix that
Just install and really impressed.   So far 5*
hi, its a very nice tool u guys have developed and  I am happy the way the way its works with gmail.	During usage I observed a issue that it creates so many files in my internal memory ( which is not much available) which consumes lots or memory and it may be because of whatsapp sync. i dont know whet her its bug or its the way this app designed to work. But really a problem since its consuming lots or memory which leads to a memory crunch for the system.
This back up app is the best. It "backs up" all my mms & sms messages to a folder in my google email & also backs up a record of all incoming and outgoing phone calls to a separate folder in my gmail. It will also add record of calls to your google calendar if you want. Live it and have added it to every phone I upgrade to.
Love this app! Allows me to archive important messages and free up space on my phone
Great app works flawless
This app works excellent! Highly recommended!
I used htc,  Samsung and Sony . . This sms backup+ remained with me always.
B
But kabhi kabhi work nahi karta hai
App works exactly as described.
Very nice app
Save and protect your text messages. Perfectly done.
This app is great and does its job but I wish it could restore mms too. It leaves awkward gaps in the messenger without them.
Helped me a lot when switching phones
The best idea for backing up sms/call log. Especially if you reinstall system frequently - everything sits safely in gmail. And free! Thanks Jan!
Perfect
Does what it's meant to do and does it well. You will forget it's even running.
Just want to say many thanks for this awesome application!
good one
Very helpfull.only this app I used to back my sms.
Only backs up outgoing messages.
Works for keeping texts i needed thank you
No matter how many phones I go through or how many times I flash a rom or brick my phone I never lose my SMS.
Brilliant app, really easy to use
when i click restore, it asks me if i want to perform the action. when i click ok, it says i need to set my username and password first. But then, it doesnt allow me to connect... so how will it work then?
Does great work in backing up your SMS and call logs,so what can u expect more just download its....
Awesome
Worked perfectly after a hard reset. Awesome!
Great app
Your all in one messenging backup app. One word to describe this app "Awesome".  Thanks for your amazing works
Aftet backup to Gmail from S3 and restore to new phone all data disappeared.  This includes previously backup sms on new phone.  Can anyone shed a light on this please?
Best
After updates, my whatsapp sms is not backing up any more...pls rectify.
Just did my first recovery, worked awesome
Nice and free app!  Works like a champ!
Friends this is nice app, and functionality, but keep in mind gmail is not secure anymore, govt agencies are directly accessing our data.
Good n Fast Storage of our email sms special option create n save
Great app... try it... Ull love it
Thank you for this app.
best app
Incoming messages no longer sync.  Used to work perfectly.
It does what it says it does! Very nice app.
All the txt messages that you need to save t saves them easily and no problems at all. Goes straight to your gmail account.
Install and config in less than five minutes. An hour later my SMS messages were backed up. Thanks Jan.
I move to Android from iOS only bcoz of diz app. A big thank to developers.
Philomath The best SMS backup app. Does what it says. 
*** However does not restores Whatsapp messages. Developer should work on this.
Excellent app to store all your call logs and sms in Google and we can search in Google.  Great app.
Love it!!!
Very complicated as to which bit of GitHub (what a really bad name!) does what, whether you need to register and where this takes you when you do. Once you have you cannot find how to save SMS to GMail. No explanation of terminology and ALSO N.B. GitHub asks for payment to keep your data private!!!!
I wanted to save the thread between me and my son; it's like a diary.  Every text I ever sent was backed up because I understand you can't effectively delete as a amateur, But my phone is running fast again. Yay!
Must have in every android
Its an amusing app when i see my g.acciunt im surprizd. Req. To the app maker to make an app like diary to write and sync with google....
I love the app and how well it works when backing up messages, but I've encountered a problem when restoring them. Not all of them restore. Any ideas why?
Beautiful
If you're a heavy texter, you need this app.  Even if you use it once to back up all your texts before switching devices, it's so worth the donation.  Thank you!
Oops it does back up whatsapp
Worked great to transfer all my text from my bionic to my new moto x (with no SD ).  Absolutely no issues.
I tried to restore my SMS from gmail, every time It complete, the SMS available are the same after a reboot
Should backup by conversation instead of by message. My 30000+ messages will never finish sync.  Also, missing feature to backup only while charging.
Backs calls and text msgs up to email. Very handy to have for reference later.
I backed up sms from SSGT7+ and then restore it on my Razr Maxx now my all sms on Razr Maxx are gone. I cannot see any sms on the phone. This is so bad and upset.
"A very good app to me" #I think..
I liked this app so much I actually donated to the creator!! The only thing it is missing is What's app group messages backup.  For some reason in What's App it only backs up personal messages, not messages from groups... how come?? If this is added, 5 stars!
Great apps and easy to use
Super
I just uploaded this so I can factory reset my phone. I had a ton of texts since it was the initial back up, but now a good number of them aren't showing up in gmail. It's also spotty - I'll see a whole recent exchange, it skips several months, then another exchange that's out of order. Has anyone else run into this?
Great app
Awesome!
Can it access all my personal emails?! That's really worrisome! ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// Other than that it's working just fine...
This is really good........ :-)
This app is great.very easy to backup and restore SMS and Call log
Works Perfectly! - hTC My Touch 4G Slide (T-Mobile) and hTC One (T-Mobile)	Looking forward to the update which enables MMS backup support also. However, backing up (haven't needed to restore, yet) incoming/outgoing SMS and voice calls has been flawless! Five stars when MMS support is achieved ;-)
.. as I even cannot remember... and its doing exactly what is suppose to do!
Thanks for this amazingly productive app!
This software is the first thing I install on my phone when I update it.   It works, it works well... got me out of trouble a few times.   And now it has Whatsapp backup too... a perfect thing just got more perfect. ;)  I highly recommend this software.
I love to know all my text messages get backed up automatically, and whenever I need to reset my phone or get a new phone I can restore them easily. Still looking forward to MMS restore.
This app is exactly what I needed to help with a harassment issue
It works. Simply. Elegantly. Nonchalantly. Now backs up Whatsapp too.  I only wish it also backsup emojis in Whatsapp.
Best yet
Simple and does it job really well.
Places it all in a separate label in Gmail, so it's always available and easy to recall.
The app has not copied my texts to gmail since July.
I restored my messages last night after needing to do a complete data wipe.   Every sms conversation now has EVERY Message with the exact same date & time as the latest message in the conversation.
Excellent. Does a great job. Easy peasy.
The fact that I can never lose my contacts, emails and now SMS means I don't have the stress of the huge worry when I beak or lose a phone and it's all on my gmail hompage. Cheers Google.
It now won't restore texts to my HTC one
Very useful application
I kendshem
This is a great app, and it even supports whatsapp! but the backing up process is really really slow. I am not sure if I am doing it wrong or it is just the app. A speedy backup process would be very much appreciated!
If you need proof to screw a psycho wife over in court during divorce, this is the app for you. Works flawlessly.
Just wish the option for selecting a custom number to restore was available. 500 seems too small.
Great app. Did just what I needed it to do.
Can you plizzzz add a new settings for saving every new sms that my android phone receives and backs up every time a new sms is received on an sd card. schedule is good but i always delete my sms after reading it. i want a new way to automatically backup new sms to the sdcatd right after receiving it.
It's telling me to set my username and password...can someone plz help!!
I have had this app for at least a year now. It previously worked just fine, it seems with this last update it only restores what you said in a text not the other person's response!!! I used this app for a long time, but it seems I need to find another so I have full conversations not just my own.
Very happy with this app, which backs up text messages and call info (type of call, length of call, and phone #) to the email address I chose. Auto-backup not always reliable, so I manually tell it to work once a day to be safe. Great way to help me keep track of things - even love notes from my boyfriend. :) 4.75 stars
My whatsapp message last backup is 17 july 2013, cannot backup after that..  edited :  well done, all message is backed up btw .. is it not gonna backup whatsapp group message ?
Other apps do the same thing in a fraction of the time. 1 minute vs 20.
Simple, convenient, easy to use. Love this app. Stores everything in your Gmail account. I recommend it for everyone
seems this app is great ill give it a try
Loaded onto Galaxy S2. connected to my gmail account as required. Tried to carry out a backup.  Nothing happened!  UNINSTALL!
good apps for me.
Great
This is an amazing app! after texts are auto sent to email and printed out, judges will allow in court and saves soooo much time and headache. Also overall its so easy to use and find what has been sent to your gmail acct.
Absolutely  Phenominal
It works painlessly,  after a 2 minutos setup all  my SMS, WhatsApp and MMS messages are accessible via Gmail
Very very excellent
Cannot read my restored SMS on my LG
Love it!
This app is very useful. Works well, failed during 3000 entry backup during initial backup. Autobackup feature is very good idea set &forget!!!  Thanks
To be fair, I haven't tried other apps, but I haven't found a need for that at the same time.I'm satisfied with this because there's no hiccup when activated. I need my phone free from clutter, and this app does the job. Thank you developer. :)
i can't find my Sms in my Gmail account, where are my sms?
Tried this but didn't work with Korean phones. I checked root explorer and seems they stored elsewhere on phone so that needs to be fixed.  /data/data/com.sec.android.mms.kor.provider/databases/mms.db
Only backs up my response text and not the recpients responses.. defeats the purpose
It is very good aplication to me it has helped to me a lot. And it is very very best app.
Works great until the moment I try to only back up messages from one group of contacts...
Bit hard to use but super awesome.
An option for number wise folder backup will be very useful to search and find out the required sms.
I wish I knew about this when I first got my phone
Can't seem to authenticate with Cyanogen Mod 10.2 Android 4.2?
Keeps all your sms messages neatly backed up on your Gmail in a separate folder.
A bit slow but useful utiliy
An excellent backup tool for all your backup needs. Have been using it for over a year without any issues. As good restore functionality as backup. Will give 5 stars once a Viber 3.0+ call log back up feature is added. The app used to backup all call logs until Viber updated to 3.0+ and stopped syncing its call log with the phone (GSM) log.   Please try to add that functionality to the app in the next update.
Great and open source
I have this app to backup every couple of hours and at least 2 to 3 times a day I get an error message. I have to go in and manually hit backup.  I have emailed the developer at least 5 times of different screen shots and no response. ...I wish it worked better.
It would be great if we see individual schedules for whatsapp, call logs, mms and sms. Also great if the time for automated backups is more - say about 7 days or 10 days, 24 hours is very less.
This is definitely the best I recommend it for all people who have a gmail, have synched their phones with their google account and want to save their messages it works. I love you Google screw bing! Lol
Dose it perfectly
The whole app works great. I can moniter the person's phone quickly, but WhatApp backup does not always back up. Please fix for a 5star. Thanks!
Love it
Nice
Been using it since 2011. Simple, elegant and effective.
This is perfect for backing up my SMS and MMS messages from my phone to my Gmail account. It's exactly what I have been looking for, for quite some time. Thanks!
I loveeeee this app, easy and comes in handy when u delete or are trying to ignore a number lol, thanx
This app is amazing.  I have used it several times when flashing my phone with the latest version of Android.  Each time it recovered my call logs, MMS, and SMS perfectly.  Also since it's on Dropbox I have a permanent backup if I ever lose or get my phone stolen.  Google should make this app come with all Android images.
So far, so good...
I love the idea of backup of SMS and Call log in Gmail and this app does it perfect. Auto Backup option is awesome. Keep coming with new ideas. :)  WhatsApp backup is not backing up everytime..
If only every thing in life was this easy to setup and use.
Does everything it says it will do and very well
After trying to restore smses to this phone, I wasn't able to load my conversations in the Messaging app and now my phone is bricked after trying to factory reset. Warning! Restoring your smses using this app is dangerous.
I change ma phone once in a month and it helps me apot to save ma sms online every time I got a new phn I get ma msgs Bach:-)
Very straightforward app, great job!
It worked like a charm...can't wait for MMS restore!
and the result.....   None of the pictures/videos are recovered!
Absolutely awesome app. My only request: please make a donate version so that I can pay something for this.
not just sms, actually. call log too. sometimes got a gmail authentication error. works after try a few times.  I like how it works. Saving our SMS & call logs in GMail looks very safe. It won't go anywhere unless you delete it!
Reliable
Although the developer doesn't ever reply back. Not good! Can't believe there's a donate button in the app. Developer never responds to emails. App no longer works.
They've finally added made it an ongoing notification so that it doesn't fail when one open. Works perfectly now!
The ONLY backup up you need! I absolutely love how it backs up all of my conversations to my Gmail account, and I can read thrm there if I need to.
the best SMS backup on the earth,
The bst backup app ever...!!!! I wish cud rate it infinite stars...!!!!!
GOOD, can auto backup sms, call logs, and even WhatsApp msg to gmail...no need to press manually, just set it as AUTO backup...and when u change new phone, just install this apps on new phone and log in and press RESTORE and all ur sms, call log from old phone will Restore to your new phone .. GOOD
Missing many sms in its backup. And it doesn't have time stamps for each sms backuped.
Very simple but it works!  Highly recommended!
This app rocks. Works perfectly every time. Labels are great. Used on several phones and ROMs, no issues at all on any I've used.
I have been using this app for a long time and it works great!
Super easy to setup and link to gmail. Saves SMS texts and call log to gmail. I never think about it.
Moved onto another phone and not had a problwm previously. Just finally restored the sms I wanted and its only my messages that have loaded not the replys that matter more.
Works just as advertised. Everything I change a device it's a go to
This work works only once and then starts giving error Xauth error.
Approved by time, worth donation with no stupid "gold" etc status!
Does not seem to like working over wireless otherwise would be 5*
Ok
Does exactly what it says. I love the fact that I can still access long-deleted messages in Gmail.
Why Google Play Billing permission?!
Just works, once you've set it up. I can see my SMS messages in Gmail, which is handy. I've also done several successful restores on multiple devices, without problems.
Change a mobile is not an issue anymore.....best app of the year
Have to restore call logs and SMS separately is tedious, and why is there no advancement for MMS in all these years?
Very well done, great flawless app. I would have given it a 10 star.
Great app
Does exactly what it promises...backs up your SMS and Call Log to your Gmail.  I really like how it put the SMS in a dedicated folder (aptly called "SMS") so it doesn't clutter my inbox.  Call logs went into the new "Call Log" folder it created.  Very nice.
Awesome app working 100% sms backup...thnks to sms backup team.. **** vidit porwal
Similar technology with imapsync at linux command while i am backing up email to email. i love this app, thanks.
Awesome app... worth useful. .
Love this app! Its simple and brilliant =p
Only backups messages you receive after you install it, anything before that is lost...
I followed the instructions for turning on IMAP.  Still not working.  Then it says you have to install on Android but the instructions don't match what is available on my phone.   Very unhappy right now.
Great app, highly recommend
Flawless,  werks perfectly. Donated to support this app
I have been using this app for six months now. I love it. But I need a little help. How do I restore SMS from selected contacts? I don't want to restore all the SMS from all contacts. Please help
The best SMS / MMS backup app there is. Plus, it's free!
Must have
I had a text that would not open as it was too large. I was able to back up with pics, then delete thread and all was good!
Why isnt it backing up my call log? It was fine a few days ago??.... thats one of the features i need.....can this be fixed???????? Plz
I tried verus apps but this is the only one that instantly works !!! I would recommend all people to use this app!
Just the way it should be and its open source software.
Thanks for this great app man! it's awesome to have all my call and sms in the cloud and be possible to clean up or organize directly on my gmail! Very recommend!
Quite simple and easy to use. Set it and forget it
I used to love this app because it's backed up call logs, text messages, phone numbers...everything I had. Now I'm noticing days will go by and nothing is being backed up and I have to back it up myself.  Not cool fix whatever's wrong with it or I'm uninstalling it.!!
Works a treat.
Awesome app
Worked wonderfully when I moved from Moto Backflip to S2 2 years ago, but it's restoring in reverse order now that I've moved to the S3...
I had replaced my old Droid 2 with a new phone through insurance and I realized after deactivating my old phone that I have 15,000 text messages I wanted to save.  A quick Google search brought me to this app--I was able to set up my Google Play with wifi and it safely backed up all my precious text messages from the past two years to my gmail account.  I like that it calculates the texts and gives you a status bar and you are still able to leave this app running in the background as you use other apps on your phone.  This is such a fantastic app, I wish I had known about it sooner.  I have already installed it to my new phone for backing up new incoming text messages.
Been using this a while shd every time I re_ROM this has been the key to getting all my stuff back
Dont use anything else, this is the best tool to use Gmail as back up. Just great!!
Ok. Very gooooood
Awesome app
I love sms backup+ very much. Please fix this! In file contact2.db, call rejected is call type 10, call answered is call type 1, call missed is call type 3... And Sms backup+ not backup call rejected. But on my 2.3.7 android device, call rejected is "call from" label in backup call log
I have been using SMS Backup+ for more than 2 years and I still love it. You just install it, set it up and forget about it, since it does everything in the background. It's fast and effective, all I wish for is the MMS restore function, but let's hope it'll come in the near future.
This app is a godsend.  Backs up in a very convenient format and now backs up WhatsApp?!  Thank you so much xxx
Yes I'd concur with the 10 stars comment. Excellent!
I've been using this app for a long time and liked it. recently I had a chance to test it's restore function and it worked well. The only thing is this: I can't select the calendar I want the app writing calls to. Currently it writes to some secondary calendar and not the primary one.
work nicely
I have been using this app for months and I never had problem but now I'm facing this "can't connect" problem. I can't logging now even though few days ago it was working fine. Please! So something about it coz this app is a part of my life now.
Must have app
The most useful and simple program to thwart even my most nefarious child's attempts to make me miss my text messages.
I LOVE having my call log backed up to one of my Gmail calendars as well as a label my gmail account. I also LOVE that all of my SMS/MMS messages are backed up to gmail. I am usually at a computer so I find myself searching for text messages in my gmail box more than I do on my phone.  I use this app to restore my call log and SMS  (not MMS) messages back to my phone after I flash a new ROM. It would be absolutely perfect if MMS messages could be restored, but at least I can back them up!
Returned an error on the first manual backup. First time it said connection error, next no info on error.  Galaxy S4
Super Cool App
love, love, love this app. wish i'd founf it sooner.
Have been using for ages. Love it
Super useful
Great apps must download
Great App.
Please fix it
Use this for all my ROMs.
Really useful
terribly slow to backup, its painful, why cant it save locally for fast saving ?
Truly set it and forget it. Negligible battery impact.
Thanks to this app. After my factory reset i lost my important contacts and massage as my backup file got deleted by some error. I got all my contacts & massages back from gmail because of this app.
Thank you. Just what I was looking for.
I really loved it but it stopped backing up my incoming sms
Good software
One of the best SMS back up app out there.
I was nevaa happy with these sms backup apps. However, when i tried this it gave me 90% results and 100% satisfaction... it did not back up my watsapp convo, but helped me get all my sms and call logs as "Read".. very happy.. will recommend it to others.. pls try to backup watsapp as well..  :)
Excellent
This app does exactly what it says it does. I'm not big on list of permissions but I suppose it is necessary. Great job devs
Great, this app randomly picks and closes which messages to backup! I have job related texts that must be available for billing purposes.  Checked my email and it backed up at random, message 1/3 then 3/3 the info I need is in 2/3.  My phone is deleting texts for no reason and that was the idea behind installing this app.  So AGGRIVATED, Must call a company now and look like an idiot and ask them how much they want to be billed for....
Great app, just does it's thing!
I've been getting notifications about once a day telling me there was an error backing up. Idk what the specific msg means or how to fix it or if its just the app acting up. Help...
Does what is says. Very useful! Thanks
call log,sms,whats ,now in Gmail/ Google calender wonderful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  eligible  10***************** done eligible for pro
Well, my HTC Desire Z on stock Android 2.3.3 with Mugen Power batt 3600 mAh go from ~50 hours to ~90 hours!
Great surprise for me, thx for batt fix!:)
Great app. You can get all the information in your mail account itself. It helps lot to keep track of records
Does exactly what's it supposed to. Now I feel better about my decision from switching from iPhone to android!
Excellent
Great app
Works properly.. thanks..
I tried for the longest to transfer my messages to a new phone and this was the only app that did it for me. Happy :)
Once u try..
I had this installed for a while, marvelling at the ease with which my SMS messages, call log and whatsapp messages appeared in gmail, all indexed and searchable. Today I had to factory reset my handset. Within minutes I had over 6000 message threads and over 1000 call log entries back where they should be, in the right order with all metadata intact. Brilliant!
Worked the first time that I downloaded it and then force closes every time afterward tried to change settings and made sure that I was in a strong wi-fi connected area. Maybe I should just keep reinstalling app to get it to work with my phone.
:)
Useful
So useful.
Perfect!
Deleting app. Won't load texts. Gets a repeated i/o error
how good is this app can backup wechat history also....hopefully can release soon
The golden SW
This app is a must-have :)
So easy and works great!
Samsung S4, auto backup fails every time. Manual backup works 100% of the time. Would be easy five stars.
Great work! great app just what I needed! Thanks
Great app. Thanks!
Works perfectly on my Note 2
Keeps me backed up...!!
Have used for a long time. Love it!
since update this app will no longer auto sync to my gmail with the auto back up . would give 5 stars but nah .....
It just works.
This apps enables me to archive my text messages to Gmail. Both auto and manual backup options for text, multimedia messages, even phone log. Great way to save memorable moments in text threads.
Always doing it's job.
I really recommend this app.
Whatsapp and call log backup not working as of last update
I'm using this app for the first time after having the phone for more than a year. It looks like the app is going to have to back up 10,000+ SMS and it starts from the oldest messages first. I only need to back up the most recent 500 or so. Not very helpful... Otherwise it looks like a well-made app.
Works good most of the time, and when it does it is great!
One of the most useful apps I've ever used. It literally removes the worry of losing SMSs and Call Logs and makes them even more accessible than they are on the phone. What an ingenious idea and great execution. If I had 10 stars I'd give it.  PS. Be wary of the imposter app that is spelled "SMS Backup+" (no space in between "Backup" and "+"). That is nowhere near as good as this one. This is the real deal.
I was switching phones and dreading losing all of my messages. This app saved the day and let me back them all up and then "restore" them to my new phone. It was incredibly easy.
Okay good
So smooth, so easy. Well done!
Works well for me cause my ex is crazy and this let's me save all of her craziness through this app. Cause we have son together and u new er know what a crazy person is capable of
One of the first apps I install on my phone. Consistently great app. Works like a charm and free! Doesn't get any better than that. Thanks Dev!
Does exactly what it's supposed to.
Does what it says. Very handy app.
Does everything you want it to perfectly
Nice
The sms backs up each record seamlessly and u dont have to interfere. I have tried many apps but this one does gmail sync effortlessly
All issues fixed. Working fine as always
App worked great, now "free" app won't work at all unless I pay.
Love this app.. Especially great for multiple phones
Best app  :)  keep it ^_^
is having major battery drain (6%+)....note 2.... 7/14/13...battery up to 19%...getting worse by the day.......7/17/13......thanks for fixing....back to normal......wooohooo
Love this app! Needs mms backup though. Lots of customizable features. I don't want it backing up every mssg so I set it every 24 hrs to give me time to delete things I don't want backed up.
Love this app. Was working perfect... Until july 14 update...then did the next update and fixed it for a day now its not backing up sms or call log!!! Love this app please help
Whatsapp backed up but can't restore ...:( if u can tell how to do it
WhatsApp messages Not really back up automatically
Super easy, super helpful.
Absolutely fantastic. Worked perfectly. So happy that I donated. Please keep up the good work.
Perfect solution to get SMS into Gmail
T-Mobile HTC One S
Awesome app.  Does exactly what it says on the tin.
Great app. Quick to setup and no adds.
How to do second backup for sms. I received new sms..but backup showing no items for backup
Now to experience this application on my Samsung Galaxy Note, I look forward to the journey going forward.
Works perfectly. Never had an issue.
Hassle free. Must try....
Amazing app
Great app! Well don
Issues rectified and it's back to being the best backup app in the store. Well done !
Helpful
Thanks for such awesome app!
It works effortlessly. Setup took minutes and now all my messages are accessible via Gmail! Sweet.
Works great!
Nice app. Free, stable and useful. Thank You!
Very useful app...
It just works.
Great app!
Wish I had this from the beginning!
Hope can backup Whatsapp group message
Superbbbbbbbbbbbb
Great App. Works perfectly. I love the fact that when searching gmail for information exchange with someone, I'm now getting results containing SMS, whatsapp and call logs as well.
Perfect!
Nachdem der Support fur WhatsApp hinzugekommen ist, ist das ganze noch besser wie vorher. Installieren, einrichten und nicht mehr daruber nachdenken. Funktioniert einfach. Genau wie ich es von einem Backup erwarte!! Kann man auch 6 Sterne geben?
Dear Jan Berkel,  Thank you for the wonderful App "SMS Backup+" on Google Play. I appreciate all your efforts in developing this application. It is wonderful & just exactly what I wanted for many years. I am using this app from one month. I feel very bad when I think of the SMSs that I lost in the last 7 years of my phone usage. Thank you so much for this app!!  I do use another phone, Nokia C5-03. Do you have the same application that can be used in Symbian platform(S60 5th Edition) as well? If you hadn't
Excellent app 4 back up.
Great app, it's wonderfull to read all my messages on gmail. Even call log is really usefull. Thx, man ;-)
Call log backed up perfectly. Messages backed up perfectly. Restores all backed up info easily.
Perfection
Great backup features. Restore has never worked for any version on any of my devices though.
This app is Great!!!!!
1 stop solution for my  sms Call log Whatsapp  Thumbs up.
Good app
may I suggest, however, make ALL messages (incoming & outgoing, maybe even drafts) automatically & INSTANTLY, be backed up. It would be PERFECT! I love how my calls are permanently logged in my gmail/google calendar!!! Thanks!
Loved the app. Until in May I noticed it sent emails to my contacts of my backups instead of saving the backups on my email.
Easy to set up and has reliably backed up all my text messsges for the past year or more.
awesome app
Excellent dev
Still never been able to connect. Maybe one day...
Tap to connect to Gmail account is greyed out.
Thank you, thank you and thank you for fixing the MMS not backing up issue. The App works great now on my Galaxy S4!
Great way to backup your SMS online to your Gmail account !
Easy setup just one time, then you're all set. Love this!
Works perfectly.
Its not working since 9th july 13. Its works only call logs. Not working whatsapp, sms and mms. Please fix it. Thank you!
brilliant
It was an excellent app till now but recently it has stopped backing up anything. Please fix drawback.
easy to configure and easy to recover your logs & sms on a new phone would be great to add the backup of the wifi configurations SSID / Pwd ?
All these days it was working absolutely fine...After recent update, incoming messages are not getting backed-up. Kindly fix this issue
Resolved the logical problem issue. Now it sometimes shows misleading information when backing up. Like - displaying more record numbers then there are actually to be backed up. This started happening after WhatsApp backup support.
Downloaded this to save my text conversations obviously. There was really only one conversation I had wanted to save that was important to me. Backed up all my texts I had and everything seemed to work great. I had everything there so I deleted the one important conversation (about 4k texts). I go to look at the conversation on gmail to find that I only had the texts from me, not the other person. Now the conversation is off of my phone and lost forever unless someone has a fix for this....Looked at other conversations and it's hit and miss.
LOVE this app...BEST THING EVER...but since 7/11 I've had no call log backups...not even if I go in and do it manually...says no items to backup. Can we fix this?  THANKS!!! Samsung Galaxy S2 1.54
Since last update call log is not updating in calendar and gmail
I loved this app but since July 10th it hasn't been working correctly, especially for my call logs.  I emailed to let you know, and I got a partial back up of my calls but they still are not up to date. This is an important app for me. Please fix. And make a note so everyone knows you're working on it. Before that,  I would have rated this app 5 stars.
I love this app, but since the update, its NOT backing up the call log. I use this due to my line of work and the call log is really important. Please fix now!
Its very gud apps thanx to app developrs..but woth the recent build I am not able to get cal log please look in to this
A Must have!
Just as advertised. No more locking and saving text messages.
It backed up all my sms and call logs and restored successfully on my new android phone! Simply awesome! Love it!
Great app on my galaxy s3. About to upgrade to a Note 2...will update review if necessary!
Last update on Xperia P
Please help me with my problem. I'm using Xperia arc s. My app is not backing up my whatsapp conversation. I've checked the option of it in settings. It is app's malfunction. Please fix it.
Excellent backup solution for Android. Does it works perfectly.
It wrk great it does wht it say
Whatsapp messages are not getting backed up !!! And when I try to do it manually it says no items to back up !!! If I cross check my label the last backup dates back to week ago :( plss fix this
Easy to use
This is THE best app !
Works as described.  Galaxy S4
When I go to my gmail to read my backup messages it only shows my outgoing texts not the incoming ones.
Was the best now don't work no more good..... Autobackup work only for sms, no call and whatsupp.... Fix please..... Samsung Galaxy  S3
Great app to use. However no backup since July 11, 2013
Best app
I had to do a factory reset to my phone. I forgot I'd set SMS backup to 'auto backup' so imagine my pleasant surprise when I restored and everything up to point I had to reset was restored ! (ie. Text msgs, call logs). A must have app!
Have used this on several phones and it is a brilliant app, unfortunately after the latest update it is no longer backing up my call log.  A fix would be very much appreciated, keep up the good work! Thanks
All call records and messages are perfectly stored
Very useful app. No error.
I used to love this app. It was one of the best out there. Now it doesn't auto backup anything anymore even though I have it set to :-/
Awesome, easy to use app! Highly recommended!
Works fine did it's job. Just takes forever
L'applicazione definitiva per il backup di SMS e Call log. Con l'aggiunta del supporto a WhatsApp e ancora piu indispensabile.
Everthing is backed up to my Gmail account. Easy to use and the best out there.
Fantastic utility. Does exactly what it says
hi i have been using this app for an year, but yesterday i noticed that my call laog has not been backed for last 7 days as every evening i do back up mannualy.
Whatsapp isn't backed up automatically. It has to be manually backed up. However, this application is really simple and realiable for SMS and call log.
Best app ever for messaging backup..
Works great. Enough said.
Excellent App.  But after last update it is not backing up my call log. Please help me fix. Thank You
Can't fault it!
Very good app using it frm last 2 years on diff diff mobiles.work like champ...  :)
I love the app but, just bought a brand new HTC One with jellybean and it doesn't back up my calls on gmail although it work for sms.
Great backup solution. Have had a few issues but recent versions have squashed all the bugs I noticed. Well built app.
Very reliable app to backup to Gmail for SMS and MMS messages. Just changed my rating to 5 stars for such a quick update in fixing the MMS bug. Thanks!   Oh and I recently discovered that re-backing up messages (accidentally or intentionally) that are already in Gmail should not result in duplicates assuming it is the exact same message (thanks to Gmails way of handling messages).   - On a Galaxy S2 with Android 4.2.2
Just got a new phone and used this to transfer my texts from my old phone. It was a  painless and simple operation.
Works well and almost no impact on battery life. Works with Whatsapp too. Though its not that reliable.
Powerful and convenient app. Just what I needed from a backup solution.
it hasn't backed anything up in the last 4 hours, and I try backing up calls and texts manually, and it says "no items to back up". there are at least 10 items to back up! the last text shown in gmail was 4 hours ago...
Does exactly what it says and does it really well. What more could you need for backup software
Since last update whatsapp backup is broken. It was working perfectly but after new update my whatsapp is not getting backed up to my gmail. Already tried reinstalling both apps again. Please fix. Emailed the dev also
Now it's not backing up calls. This apps starting to suck
I think its because I upgraded to the Galaxy S4... not sure.  All of a sudden it stopped working and now I get a weird error message.   I really loved this app.  :(
I love that..
This is a great way to backup txts from that special someone in your life or to backup everything if you want to.
Why did SMS Backup create a WhatsApp label in my Gmail when I don't even use WhatsApp?
Its gud app...it would be better if  it would be cloud backup other than gmail.
Helps save your texts for those drama filled texts that your ex "never sent"
Ammazing app. Most useful!!!
Needs to back up SMS much more often than every 10 minutes. Needs to be almost instant IMO.
Using it for years now. Does what it says on the tin and you never have to think about it. I rarely review, but this is great. Big thank you to the developer.
Effin useful.  I even installed on my wife phone, so I can see what outs and up to :-D
It really works
Does what it says on the tin. Installed, backed up. Messages appear in Gmail on a newly created folder called sms. If only is found this before I had to reset the phone!
Great settings & it does its job! Easy to set up
Good app
This is an excellent app to easily back up all text messages. I've been using this app for several years and it still has all my messages backed up and able to easily restore to any new phone I've gotten.
Wish knew about this application a lot sooner.I recently lost my boyfriend of 10 years in car accident. Would love to recover old messages to rekindle old memories.
Works especially writing up staff for poor follow up
Just get this It's powerful, it's simple and it gets the job done
One of my favorite apps
This app is great
This has been a great app in the past, but recently the incoming texts aren't backing up even after the latest updates and that's the only reason I give it 2 stars. Please fix this.
This app should be incorporated into standard Android OS!  Thanks for the fast response to the WhatsApp label appearing in Gmail.  I donated because this is one of the few apps that really help me.
*********&*****************
like
Awesome app
This is one of the first apps I install on any new phone. Quietly runs in the background and just works!
Really great App. It's an invaluable way to organise different messages and calls into one place. Highly recommended.
Simple app that is very reliable. Exactly what you want from a backup solution. It is very powerful in how it neatly organises your backups so simplicity is not lack of functionality.
