Needs an save to sd card function. Loving it so far and looking forward to the updates but none seen for ages has this been abandoned?
I love the UI. I was wondering is there a way to change the save location. I prefer SD card
Seems quite good, better than stock camera.
No shutter speed..Samsung Galaxy s6 here..BTW nice app. .
Works perfectly on my OnePlus One with cm12.0...
Nice camera gives good clarity
The picture quality wasn't very good and the 360 picture is very bad.
I get an out of memory error message and can't take pictures.
Need much improvements!
360 photo not working.
Thank you for give us this app.CM is a Pice Of Crap. i hope this app get packed with OmniRom! regards from  blckwing182
Pic sphere is not working properly in Panasonic p55
Doesn't even open for me 
Really love where this could go. But BETA for the last 1 1/2 years, come on. I remember when this first came out. Awesome. But its time to move on. I am now using OPEN CAMERA, its open source :) and it gets updates!!
But I suggest that you add options to change quality of the picture & videos (like the ability to record in 4k)
Nice app for an aosp rom
Many options cameras lack but the interface needs to change for me to love it
,   .    .           ,     .   .           . ,    .        .
No grid option or advanced settings menu I could find. lacks any decent effects, nice UI quick for snapshots
It will be nice if we have an option to choose the location to save pictures that we took.
Not Yet
I would love to see some features like custom filters and warp like the htc camera has but so far this is the best app I have found, please consider my ideas though!
When it worked for my phone it was amazing. I have a T-Mobile LG g3 851 eventually just having it would cause my phone to reboot over and over. That doesn't mean it isn't a great camera it simply didnt work on my phone. To be fair there was a warning from the developer in the description. When the update comes out I will be trying it again.
When I use this app on a Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo it works very well. I especially like how I can turn off sharpening (under Colour Adj. - slide the bar next to the staircase icon to zero) and with this it produces near RAW quality. I wish the app also allowed tuning JPEG compression ratio.  But on my Galaxy Note 4 (SM-N910C with Exynos SoC), the sharpening is not adjustable. It looks like a GUI bug.
Very handy and fast access to the settings needed. Amazing work! Upd: at some point on cm12/android 5.0.2 Focal began to start INCREDIBLY SLOWLY. I mean, literally, it's a black screen for up to a couple of minutes. Also, panorama mode stopped working. Except for that it's still my camera of choice. A little painful on lollipop, though.
This app can replace my Xperia Z3's stock camera app because of its great interface. Features that can outdo the Z3 and would be great additions to the app would be:  1. Metering modes (spot, center, or average), 2. HDR processing, 3. Shutter speed adjustment, and 4. The ability to open the gallery automatically when clicking on a picture review.
very easy to use, flow of operation is beautiful... download, a must have.
One bug,while taking a video and touching to take a photo it crashed.
HDR mode takes 3 photos , i only need the last one which is the real HDR photo , and the others have be deleted . Thanks and 4 stars from me :)
Using on Moto g 1st gen KitKat 4.4.4 its far from perfect folks its beta the fact I have white balance, split focus and exposure, and  exposure compensation things that are not available in stock moto app is good for me what's missing for me is scene mode only has auto or hdr for choice and ISO is locked to auto but same thing on stock not even option , I also try on Tegra Note 7 KitKat 4.4.2 unfortunately it won't open sent report.
This has been in beta for so long now.  Open Camera does a much better job.
It works really well so far. I am please that it's free.
This app came with Hyperdrive ROM for my Galaxy S4, and I love the interface (except for the swipe-to-delete mentioned by others).  It has a lot of advanced camera features to make the shot look just how you want it.  However, sometimes it crashes, and the picsphere doesn't work (then crashes on render). Photos sometimes appear sideways, as others have said. I understand this is currently in beta, and not the dev's primary project, but I can see it becoming my primary/only camera app once it's stable.
Reverses the front cam pictures
Unable to click...photos
Despite the frequent crashes, I use this as a main camera app. Hope the devs will resolve the issues related to HDR feature in the nearest release.
For a Beta app this app is amazing and has become my default photo app. The UI is buggy and cluttered, for sure, but no other (free) app provides as much control and power features as this. So if you are looking for a power photo app then go for it,but plz excuse the cluttered UI. Using it on my Xolo/Lava Q1010i.
Colour Adjustment feature not working (on HUAWEI HONOR HOLLY) When we slide down we view previous pictures one by one when they go down they will be Deleted without any conformation any one may think they are just viewing the pics but actually it was getting deleted automatically. I am Writing this review after Uninstalling the App.
just gives the error "unable  to take picture"
Nice camera taking the fact that it's in beta stage!
First try with rooted note 3, used torch setting + a few others it crashed unexpectedly and then couldn't shut off torch.  Aside from a 30 second trial and fail, I can already tell this app is top notch, and is well designed.  Thanks devs
Even having the latest soft (5.0.2) on HTC ONE M7, hasn't change its camera mediocrity. Love the handling and results with Focal,  especially of the video capturing in HDR mode.
Not supported in my xolo q1010! Unfortunately focal has stopped error show
But this project seems dead now.
We want it updated. Don't kill the most beautiful and nice camera app
When I open the app on my nexus 6 the camera icon is at the bottom, but it's upsidedown, as are all the camera modes (their text too) and settings. Strange.
Camera freezes
Like
please fix for motoG
Tablet layout needs to be adjusted, shot stays in portrait while in landscape. Love to see the updates make focal better
Video doesn't work.
Everytime I shoot a pic, it always turn to landscape on the gallery. Pls fix this...
The HDR mode does not work. When you select the mode and take a picture the picture does not show, just  a grey image.
There are some mild bugs,  but they don't really impact the app's usage
Great camera even if is still in beta. 3 issues I found. 1, forward facing cam makes pictures squished or stretched. 2, when the picture for the forward is taken, it's flipped upside down. 3, when using it to take a picture while in messaging app, it closes. I'm on an HTC M8 running CyanogenMod 12. Maybe that's why is not working quite well.
The app worked as well as a professional camera, yet my device is Chinese, and it was even better than most camera apps, that they said, they can make a perfect picture, even tho they don't. With this app, you can have a better way of taking pictures, no matter where you take them and the light you have on the environment you want to take a picture of. Congratulations to the creators and hope you do best in new apps, as well as this one. 100% Satisfy! Greetings from Mexico City, Mexico. Genaro
Good job
If the image aspect ratio is not the same as the phone screen it seems to skew the image to fit the whole screen. But great work...looking forward to the final product!!!
As the title says - no option to save to SD card.  Other than that - works like a camera - in fact it appears to function just like Google camera.  Did I miss a setting option guys?
Awesome app with minor glitches
The video lags really bad and quantity of photos are awful
Aside from the compatibility issues this is an amazing camera app. Great looking, and lots of features.
On my Nexus 5, the photo sphere mode was useless. When I turned my phone to try and take the multiple pictures required, the target dots moved with the phone, making it impossible to aim.
This is an amazing camera app, prefer it than the Google one and stock one, BUT. This does not work on the antare ROM: CM12 (unofficial cm). I understand that this isn't an official ROM but it would be nice for it to work :)).
The way to acces to the options is the best I seen, very simple
Crashes every time when switched to video mode
DOWNLOAD IT. WAIT FOR THE UPDATE. ITS A GREAT APPLICATION
Works well on Oppo Find 7 with CM12, just a bit slow to bring it up. Also if there are a option to choose the Photo location will be great. Thanks and keep going!
It didn't blow me away the menu system us very cumbersome but it improves the functionality of the camera.
When ever video is opened app crashes. But camera mode is great.
Needs slow/fast motion support for devices that support it.
GRATE APP
Looks pretty good but can't take photos in external storage. Plz make it able to store in external sd.
please update.  This was such a great camera.
The UI and funcionality still have a REALLY long way to go, and a lot of bug fixing and tweaking needs to be done before i can call this ap a solid camera app... Since this is Beta i hope it will get better so i can give a higher rating!
Amazing on s4 mini thx for this app
Working fine in snapdragon . no luck for mediatek.
The picture are delayed to show up sometimes in photos it says "media can not be found" or the picture e are rotated on there sides
- Was not able to get "HDR" to work properly, same goes for the "Auto Enchantment"; on top of that, when I try to access the camera from the lock screen it won't load for some reason. Still a great app.
Great for a beta. Burst mode really slow. Picture quality not great. Little buggy. Interface is great.
Prefect!
It works. Has potential. But needs allot of bug fixes. Can't record video. Can't switch from video to camera without locking up.
problem is video mode. when ever i try to go thr it crashes.so a big disappointment.colour changes automatically. no restore settings  button. auto enhance doesn't work at all always crashes just like the video mode. other thn tht its cool.                 my phone is sony xperia C
I still like the functions that do work. It needs a lot of polishing and more features! Such as saving to sd card(designable folder?), choosing manual controls for everything(focus, iso and so on)...also the text for the various shooting modes are all over the place. Nothing more to say about it.
I used to love the manual controls on this, but since updating to Lollipop this app can't take photos. I just end up with a broken image in Gallery. So it's useless
Crashed & rebooted Droid Turbo
Great camera app. Can't figure how to turn off the camera sound otherwise 5 stars :)
Continuando di sto passo diventera la migliore app
The pic quality is great but it crashes frequently.
Its beta, so.it has some limitations but i liked its shutter speed and clarity ( maybe a bit more clarity if shutter speed is low but quickness is what i prefer) .....
Use this every day.
The screen was zoomed way to large
So many bugs I don't know where to start!
The app is great but could you get it to work more with the Note4 (ie exposure and focus as separate selection point on screen).
I like trying the apps you recommend but this camera app is low grade at best. It slipped from a 3.9 to a 3.8. It a good app maybe if you don't have a camera but that it. Sorry
Panoramas cause gallery to crash. Photo sphere needs gui overhaul,  but great work so far.
Simple and good camera
otimo app, exelentes fotos noturnas e funcao HDR perfeitas!
Good..apps
I can't always use it! Its not running well on my s3 LTE with AOSB ROM but you know what, I'm patient and I'll wait for an update as it has potential to be amazing and when it does work it is exceptional.
I have the galaxy gear with null_23 on it and this camera works great on it. The picture doesn't appear stretched like it does on other camera apps. But the video doesn't record correctly and the photosphere doesn't work at all on this device. Regardless, I'm still using it as my camera app on my gear . Keep up the good work guys! Can't wait for the next update.
Fantastic camera app.
Photosphere does not work properly.Just takes pictures and stops on picture view and 3 dots are not moving
Works nicely
Is this done with? No update for almost a year.
Dead
Glad that this got away from CM.  I have a stock HTC One. Not sure if this is supposed to work, but it doesn't actually take any pictures. It makes the noise, and then the viewfinder freezes. Everything else works, but I can't take any pictures or see what the camera is seeing. Took off another star. No updates for almost a year
Great
its good and works nicely (most of the time) but there are still bugs, i want this fixed and i want this app to excel
Full featured camera! Design looks great. Hope you make EFFECTS easy to acess by swiping. 4k video not supported. Still buggy though. Will give 5 star if 4k video and bugs are fixed.  This will be my default camera. -s5 user
Sometimes crashes on my S3 but other than that its great.
Developers just forgot about this app.. I've used it when was releases here in the app store long time ago but since December 2013 haven't had any updates... Just don't download this app until it gets a update...
The front facing camera turns pictures upside down for me, the rest is fine
Sometimes the shutter button disappears after poking around the settings. Also VERY INPORTANT we need a save to external SD and jpg quality option
This was my go-to camera app, but the recent update made it so that the pictures I take appear grey.
freezes for like 2 seconds when it starts. fix that, and I promise a 5-star rating.
Everything is fine but the app crashes while taking a pano shot and it hangs between switching to back and front cameras
A few times I get a message that it cannot connect to the camera, which also causes the same to happen with the android camera app and forces me to reboot.  I would like to be able to choose the default directory it saves to and would like the images to be saved in the correct orientation.  My vertical shots are saved as horizontal.  I do appreciate being able to take pics in B&W.
nughi
All features are simple and bare bones, moving from MIUI to stock is little bit difficult,  the miui was awesome and feature rich
amazing app.  Just fix the blury pic preview....  Thanks.
I would give this app 2 stars if the devs didn't specify this was a beta program. On SGS5, it will not save images at all. And the interface is buggy, sometimes the left side options are no longer able to slide out. If it worked well, and I were to judge it based solely on simplicity and desired functionality, I would probably give it 4.5 stars. I think there is a lot of potential with this app. Keep up the good work, dev
Dslr result
It improved the light balance of my front camera and also takes motion pics brilliantly
Can't save photo on any mode on my S5.
Better than default Google camera for Macro Photography :D
This Camera apps will works fine on ANY AOSP rom or Stock rom indeed... and i like it :D ...
Has a grey bar on the right side of the screen because of the navigation buttons, I'd be nice if you make the app go into immersive mode but otherwise just what I've been looking for
When the picture is saved , it gets flipped upside my down... That's so annoying. Please fix this and I will give 5 stars .
So far can't switch between photo and video then back to photo without it freezing up. Note 2 verizon running kitkat.
It provide much more clearer pics than the google camera or the caynogenmod camera on galaxy s4
No more development?
I use Camera FV-5 most times for the DSLR like Controls. But FOCAL is great for people like me who obsess over making choices while setting up for a shot. First its got a darned 'fast' user interface, simple and to the point. Its intuitive and dare I say fun to use. Only need to learn three things and your done learning how to use it. Images are 'Crisp'. I could still wish for  an Advanced menu option for mapping features to buttons or keystrokes, for if your using a BT keyboard or BT Remote shutter release. But otherwise its perfect.
Great app. A little buggy, but the best design by far
But crashes  after click on cm11 4.4.4 snapshot i9300
I have tried the one plus one camera and Google camera and video won't record properly.   Can you please fix the focal has stopped error on s3 mini aokp 4.4.4 please as I see high potential for this app
Amazing
Good
Anyone who has gained root access and played with different roms knows that some have different camera apps. Some are great but they always lack some special something. This camera has every feature I can recall among all the apps I can recall making it very versatile. It even handles front and back cameras!
Why stopped the app?
This can be an awesome camera. Keep the updates coming. There once was a camera app that accidently had true xray vision, check it out on the Internet . You should see about putting it in this camera
I have been using this on my new MotoX and it has been really good. Love two finger focus-exposure. Only issue, pictures are dated December of 1969 .
Looking for the slow motion video capability, but am unable to locate it
Samsung galaxy core gt-i8252
Decent camera app with a lot of really intense features
:/
The app looks nice. Easy to use and the features I want in a camera app are here. Yes this does 16:9 photos on both the front and back cameras. Also this does 720p on the front camera. (Read from the media_profiles. XML) a better alternative for mediatek phones if the camera isn't doing what others can
But I can't record a long video, it seems that doesn't prevent the phone goes sleep, also I glad to see an option to save into external SD. Also when I set to 6mb size, a grey bar appears. Also with video recording. It needs work in the "preview section". Give 5 stars for support. XT925 CM11 kitkat
Froze my phone(galaxy Trend/Duos) and after reboot camera wouldn't work with stock camera app either. Tried to launch Focal again and phone crashed/force closed and wouldn't boot after that anymore, couldn't even hard reset device. bricked phone. Thanks. Maybe change status to pre-alpha
Unreliable. Make camera hardware make popping sound, then have to restart phone 50% of times opening this. And don't allow deleting by swiping. I never like that feature anywhere. I checked the quality vs stock app and this is same or better sometimes.
It's all good until it comes to the video. On my gs3 mini it crashes every time I go into video, apart from that it is pretty good.
Auto enhance feature failed saved original.. please fix this bug and please add more feature like low light mode, geotag etc...add some special features like jpeg compression low or high.... video bitrate etc...Good Luck and thanks
The pictures I've taken with the app are really good. They have a very...real... quality to them that very few apps have managed to master. I just like the pictures Focal produces better than most any other photos I've taken with other apps, I use it regularly.
Mediocre
I use this as my default camera on a rooted Warp 4g. Loving it.
This is the best and most changeable camera app I have ever found! Props guys, keep it up!
Even the latest update, primary camera just go blank. But front facing camera working smoothly on my LG Optimus L7. Pls fix and I give you 5 star! Edit: camera now working to my Xiaomi Redmi Note,  but still buggy and the video recording always crash.  Fix all of these and finally you will get 5 stars and no more complain from me :)
Being beta, there are obvious bugs. I find that the app crashes every so often when flipping from landscape to portrait. The settings is lacking resolution settings. I do think that the camera focuses better than my stock camera app but that could just be my visuals playing tricks on me. But being free as well, I like how it does not bombard you with advertisements. I also like how you can have bursts as well and HDR shots. User interface could be better. When previewing the shots, the photos are completely blurry and blocky but when you see the pictures with a different app it is clear as day. So reviewing the pictures won't let you determine if you got a good focused shot or not. I also noticed if you tap the screen repeatedly it was enable a "tap to shoot" mode. I don't like that. Pleased remove because I want to focus on object but tapping the the screen.
I like the app. However, there is no way for me to set this as my default camera application. Fix this and its sure to get a 5 star rating.
Using CyanogenMod 11 millstone 10 the pictures are completely black. I've used this app before and it took amazing pictures for how limited this phones camera is. Once fixed I'll gladly give 5 stars
It didn't run ..why it tell me to unable to take photo but i can't find it so what can i do?
It is an awesome app that worked at first, but after awhile it stopped saving the pictures on my LG G3
Have a galaxy s5 with cm 11. Tried to go into HDR and it froze
thank you
Works fine on nexus phone. Picture quality excellent. Please add more features in settings. Capture button not visible.
really cheap, was not worth the youtube video either
Plz help man only front camera is working the other one giving me only a black screen I'll give 5 stars if u fixed that and thnx for the hard work
It's beautiful.very good apps.....
Nice interface but need more work on working of app
HDR causes force close on my att s5 active, would appreciate a fix !
It keeps force closing and there is so auto focus.  Please fix! This app has so much potential
Simple interface but full of features (burst mode for example).  Would like to know if updates planned since last one was 2013.
Last update was on December 2013!
Niceworl
Add support for Android L and I'll give you five stars
This app was well-designed, it works perfectly on my LG L9 (Android 4.1),  but I have a small suggestion; the camera button is a bit small when it isn't expanded,  it would be nice to have an option to enlarge it a bit for smaller screens,  other than that,  it is almost perfect. If this is taken into consideration,  I'll give the app 5 stars. Good Job.
One suggestion, is it possible to have a setting where I can select where the pictures save to.
force closes when going to record a video
When you use the frontal camera the images are flipped
The niggles I have... Doesn't let you export video nor even photo as portrait... ?? Not even if you take in portrait. oh come on. I know you why art snobs and tech purists insist on video being landscape... but I actually like and want it thank you very much.  One more... once recording has started auto focus and light metering isn't adjusted automatically.... you have to press the green focal point again... why not?
One of the best camera apps
More fixes coming soon?
Display when taking picture is zoomed. Its different when you tooked the pic then see it in gallery. It make me harder to take a photo when the object is big. Can you fix this please. :( overal i love this app then any other camera apps. I'll give 5 star when it solved. Thanks
If had more updates I would gladly donate
I really wanted to give this app the benefit of the doubt and be patient with its issues, but I've had it. This really should be in alpha stage still. It has a lot of features, but basic, important things don't work properly. No other camera app leaves me with sideways images, but this one does. If I rotate the phone,  I still get sideways images! (So, it appears it's reading the sensors wrong, and/or tagging the photo's exif info wrong.).   But, the final straw is that I shot a bunch of video...and it's all trash. No Android, Windows or Linux app has been able to play them. Lame. So lame.   Still in Alpha stage in my mind.
Takes pictures. What else do you need?
excellent work!
Started working when I reduced the picture resolution in the app settings, love tapping on the screen to focus in on an area!!!  Don't know of another camera app that does that.
One of the things that I do not like is the way that you delete photos.  I have an idea though:  in the photo viewer make a circular icon that slides down with the panel and appears in the top-left corner with a trash icon in the circle.  The user would need to slide the icon from the top left to the bottom right and it would then delete the image.
It working very well on my phone. It's nice to have full control over focus and exposure!  I love the PicSphere (a preview while taking the photos would be nice) and the HDR provides awesome results. The settings fully meet my needs. But unfortunately the camera isn't working yet.. Keep up the good work!
Awesome
Thanks for doing the right thing and not selling out in such a shady way	I think this app will get better with time and has great potential, if Cyanogen Inc was trying to pass it off as their app, then you know it's quality. (glad you explained yourself and what happened) Kudos.
Droid RAZR Maxx running CyanogenMod 10.2, will not save photos, saves broken images when it does.  Frequent crashes.
Pls fix cant work panorama, and video pls fix i like the app still i will give 5star. Its always says pocal has stopped.
Pity it crashed so much...
But it crashes quite often. Running cm11 on the s4. Looking forward to an update.
Switching BTW video n photo modes freezes the app,  360 panorama doesn't work
Hi, could anyone help me how to change default store. I want to store pictures on external sdcard. Tks!
Freezes when changing from video to still on note 3 running cm11.
You should set up a mailing list because I really like this app, but the current lack of features such as swipe left for gallery access makes it a no-no for me. I'd like to be notified when this app gets the features I want! Good job so far.
Dude. This has the starts of a badass camera. So glad you pulled away fr the greedy greesy cm snakes. Good job man. We all appreciate.
This app is not supporting at my samsung grand model... please fix this bug.. sure I will give you more star
One should try this app!!
Tiene potencial
I know it's beta and still needs a lot of work, but for some things this already works better than the stock one. And I have tried so many camera apps out there...
I like this app, don't get me wrong.  There are however a few things that I would like to see fixed.  This is based on a VZW Moto X stock 4.4.4.    - During the tutorial, some of the text is cut off in landscape mode - Although I take pictures in landscape mode all the time, when taking one in portrait mode, I noticed the UI gets elongated - Menu text on pull-outs is a bit too small for my screen to comfortably read - I love all of the features, but sometimes you just want to point and shoot; an optional mode similar to "easy mode" on point and shoot cameras would be nice.  Keep up the good work!
This camera app is so poor that I don't even know how it can be considered a camera app.
Crashed my phone constantly
This is one heck of a camera app.  It's fast, stable, and takes better photos than the stock android offering from Google.  Highly recommended.
But still I have a problem with auto enhancement. It fails everytime. Problem occured on stock 4.3 and now on CM11
Camera is not auto focus, it is touch to focus, 2nd it is not very user friendly
Great work
My pocket accidently changed the scene so everything went green until I figured it out. Randomly says my memory is full but takes great pics on my HTC one :)
I hope the Dev team picks this back up. It is really cool, but it has some bugs that make it less than ideal of an app.
But one thing that's bugging me is when taking pics portrait its saving them landscape and I need to edit the rotation after I'm using a gs3 if its helps you devs
It's a viable replacement for stock camera applications, trust me.
The front camera is all stretched out and pictures from front camera are upside down, other than that, pretty good app!! Virgin Mobile Galaxy S3 4.4.2
Works flawlessly in htc villec2 Lens blur feature  in future please thnx
Its all hazy when i am trying to use the primary camera. Front camera works fine.. Dont knw whats wrong wid dis app
Pric
It has compatibility issues on my Huawei Ascend (blue screen, freezing sometimes, crashing etc.) I gave it one star so that review doesn't go unnoticed. Waiting for update to give to better rating.
Try to switch to photo mode while shooting video and app stops responding. Also, double tap to capture pic during vid doesn't work.
The photos are upsidedown, and personally, I enjoy the pictures sliding from the right side of the screen, and with the use of material design. Great start for the beta version. :)
The back camera won't work on my Samsung galaxy s3 mini on the app. Please fix
I have yet had a chance to use this camera downloaded months ago.  I use my phone as a camera of which I sell photos. This app has never worked and to my surprises a must have according to dripplers review as the one to beat.  I like nothing more than a writer who puts high remarks yet just like the videos stamping a name on a product and in the video hard took it from the box.  Before you review it use it for more than the time you wrote the article and then a few news days before.
You haven't updated this app since December 2013. And it did not work on my phone.
I think they layout and functionality are one of the best but it doesn't actually take pictures. They're all the wrong direction and you can't find them easily in the photo gallery if at all. The video function is even worse. The phone will go to sleep during recording and not capture anything. HTC one M7
The standard camera doesn't work on my phone (galaxy s4) when using cyanogenmod v11, even with the camera fix app. This app, however, works without issue! My only problem is that the image is stretched horizontally. The final taken photo doesn't have this problem, fortunately. Edit: reducing rating because the app takes photos sideways! It looks fine when taking the shot, but afterwards I have to rotate every photo in the gallery!
I'm using Sony Xperia J with alienware rom.... When I launch the app the whole screen is black with the focus circle in red and the camera button.... Only a black screen... Again when I changed to video mode the camera started but force closes after 2 to 3 seconds.... Please fix these....
HDR leaves source frames around...
Things noted from beta: video doesn't work for some devices, photosphere and panorama is a bit ugly and is still filled with bugs. Other than those, the camera app itself works perfectly and is by far amazing.
Awesome app. only problem is that whenever i switch to video mode it crashes plz fix this, i m using xolo q1010i
But being a beta you'd expect this at this early stage but still lots of work to be done. Installed again 30-7 it still hasn't improved unfortunately
It won't work on my galaxy s3 but it does some times. When it does work it's really cool!
Different, great options, simple, will wait for updates before accurate rating.
Seems it has been ages the app is not updated.
the camera on the M8 takes a selfie and the photo shows up upside down in the gallery?
On my Optimus L9, this app performed poorly. It constantly crashes and I can't even switch the video without it acting up. I mean it has more features than the stock cyanogen camera but shouldn't I be able to use them all? Like c'mon y'all.
I know it's a beta, but no updates for over half a year, its a bit slow / buggy, and the google camera app is much more responsive and intuitive.
Please allow to mute the shutter sound. It annoy a lot at night. But as a whole app is very good. Pics are quite good as compared to stock one.
So goofy on galaxy S3
Very good
It seems like when I take a picture, the resulting picture would be rotated 90. Please fix it.
Would love to use all the features of this (panorama and picsphere) but none of the files save properly on my HTC One Mini 2. They appear in the Android stock gallery as grey files with an exclamation mark, cannot be tapped on, cannot be emailed as an attachment, and don't show in the DCIM folder (or anywhere else obvious) when USB is connected.
Nice app
It has a feel that would seem at home in a stock rom, it is elegant, the animations are minimal bit fine and the camera quality is superb, as good an app as it can be with an exquisite ui. It was a bold but exceedingly excellent move to put this cm started app on the play store. I truly do not know why it is not a standard feature in their rom
It does not view the photos taken in the stock gallery at all. Pls help me out
It crashes everytime i switch it to video
works on mine but the problem is when i take a pic in landscape the picture in the gallery is portrait and vice versa... and i just click it once but it takes many but my burst mode is off
Using Cyanogenmod 10.2 on a SGS2: looks really cool but after switching to video and back to photo the whole unit reboots... Bummer, uninstalling...
No matter what I did, every photo I took was black.
I believe it is a good and multifunctional camera but I am unable to take pictures at all. I hope that you fix it as soon as possible.
Loved it when it was in CyanogenMod, still love it now. Happy to see it still being worked on.
Video recording is not working on GS2. Even causes the camera to malfunction & crash.
is there any way to change the default save location it's saving to my internal memory and want it to save to my SD card
every moment of it, great for pictures and especially amateur film making using androids. 5 stars!
When I take a photo it just show some sign in my gallery not the photo please fix and I will give five stars
I cant using the video. It will shutdown if i try to open it.  Please fix it, I'm using lenovo s650.
Doesn't work on tablets
I dont see updates from months, it is a pity. Is there any option to geolocate pictures? Thanks for do it open source, great initiative
App
Best one I have tried.
The only reason I can't give this five stars is because for some reason it won't properly record videos. at first it would say there was an error when starting to record, I uninstalled it and reinstalled and now it doesn't, but the videos are still unplayable.
As a junior member of xda, i am very proud of using this app.
Stopped updating it. You say don't rate it 1 star for a bug and to " wait for an update " but it's been 8 months since the last updated! Unbelievable.
Please make it work and update
I have no complaints so far.
Freezes on transition between video and camera Nexus 4
Overall great app, only issue I have is images are saved either upside down or sideways with the front facing camera. /cm11 nightly
Always says unfortunately focal has stopped working and damages video
Photos are quicker to take and less blurry than with stock GS4 app but it doesn't auto-rotate so half my photos are sideways!
I wanted to shoot high-framerate video, but none of the misleadingly labeled apps (slow motion, high-speed, etc). This beatifully done app does it very well though.
Works great on razr maxx hd.  However, deleting pictures in the viewer needs either a confirmation (user feedback) or a dedicated button, it is WAY to easy to delete an image and not even realize it happened (I have edited my review and deducted a star for this usability oversight).  A couple of features it desperately needs is selecting the image location, those with an sd card cannot save to it; as well as the ability to take widescreen photos...
I understand its in still beta but whenever i start it. It doesnt display the image properly. It only displays it when i turn the megapixel to 0.4 and it cant capture a photo and crashes when i turn to video
Needs work, any plans on earning our money or is this a lost cause? Could be the best.
There arent any update since last year, is the project dead?
A great app but with a few bugs being that the pics come auto rotated sometimes upside down sometimes 90 in the gallery and also that while using 1.9MP mode on front camera the pic taken is much broader than the one shown being captured and also while capturing the view looks stretched.. Fixed by switching to 0.9MP but then one loses out on the resolution. Also need an option for pics to be saved to sd card automatically. Otherwise one of the best camera apps out there.
Nice app, Ui is awesome.
Ran it on cyanogen 11. App loads. It appears to take pictures but saves a few blanks to the gallery. Front camera is zoomed and distorted. But I see alot of potential for the app. It has many features that I was looking for in a camera app that I miss from the touchwiz.
Verry bad app
No updates since a long time and app is still in beta
Loving the simplicity of it, while it still has a lot of very detailed features.  Only complaint I would really have is, I don't like the noise it makes when you take a picture, it's a bit annoying, just make there an option to turn that sound off.
Records video that Video Player, MX player, and QuickPic can't play back
in depth but still simple
Good app. Hdr needs to be fixed on Samsung GS 3. It does not combine the thee individual pictures into one.
That came with my Samsung Note 3. If Samsung incorporate these features, it'd be the best camera on the block!
Photosphere not working
The features are good, but it often not responding, crashing. And sometimes it doesnt save photos at all.
A lot of neat features. But broken on note 3. Also needs zoom, iso control, and exposure time.
Accidentally deleted a picture while using this app will not recommend.
Would be great if you did not have to enter an unlock code every time you wanted to use from the lockscreen...
Awesome controls...really like it  ..
Dev never follows through on his projects. So glad this didn't end up being CyanogenMod's camera app.
For a person just starting photography as an enthusiast this app is an exhalent choice. The manual settings work great and the auto settings take just as nice a picture. The one thing though is I count the flash didn't work in the moto x hope this gets fixed
It certainly seems capable. One slight annoyance though: when shooting video it doesnt keep the screen awake. Also the view in video mode become pixelatedn as if it's switch to only the effective pixels for HD vs the full sensor. Strange.
Amazing app but the video mode(camcorder) is not working, the app is crashing. Plz plz plz plz do something,, i love this app.  My device is micromax a110 canvas 2
Z1
It has  a lot of features but needs more HDR options and anti shake
I like this app but the video doesn't work
One of the best apps on the play store...works smoothly on nexus 5 :)
It should have pinch to zoom
Doesn't support CM11... "Can't access camera."
When I read it I was expecting a slew of bugs. But to my surprise I found only some minor bugs on 4.4.2 Nexus5 with the sliding the settings out on the left. Also first time I opened the app it wouldn't take a picture. But I just closed the app and opened it again fixed it permanently it seems. I was able to take slightly better pictures the Google camera app because of being able to adjust exposure and other settings. Please don't abandon this app! Keep fine tunning!
Only crashes
Needs a lot of work. No focus controls
Does this work on only rooted phone..?
Works great, minor issues can be fixed in future. -- 6 months old, Google Play Store could use a new version. --- Things to fix:  - When first starting the 'Tips' do not 'landscape', only portrait. - In "Settings" the UpperLeft 2nd Window needs to be a bit wider and taller and each 'Tile' need a bit more space so Features with two lines fit and can be read. - The 'SlideRight' needs color inverted Text so we can see it. - The 'SlideRight' can not play your own Videos - The 'ShutterButtonSlide' needs the Fonts for each Mode to be twice as big (on a 1080P Screen). - In Video Setting Tile called Choose "?????" (cut off) the enable/disable Menu Features can not be dismissed by tapping off of it's Pane (need to use Back Button (offscreen)). - For "Video High" there is an 'Image' called "PLACEHOLDER". Framerate has 60 and 30, 24 would be OK. -  --- Seemed fairly great (for a Beta) for but work on this has stopped. 1 Star for not fixing and quitting.
I can't take a pic or video on my gs2
Video not working, anf cant save pics to memory card..
A really nice app with all kinds of features that you only can get from like Samsung, HTC and so on with their on framework-cameras. Though I cant find slow-mo recording? The bad part is that its so laggy. I mean it literally freezes the whole app and camera isn't even moving, and I am using a S4 with CM11 so that shouldn't be the problem.
This app causes all of those things. Using a stock GS4 will have the app crash no matter what you do. Might work better on CM
There are a lot of bugs. The app is unresponsive at times. It also force closes. This is coming from a phone running CyanogenMod. A lot of work needs to be done. The app shouldn't be beta after being on the Play Store for such a long time. There's no point telling people to not give poor ratings in the description. Make it a beta testing version through the Play Store. Don't blame people for giving poor ratings to a below average application.
This has geeat quick optiins access. The ui is very user. friendly.
sometimes lags
Simple and beautiful UI, HDR work fast like in stock camera.  It only needs a solution to save photos on microSD card
When started, dont turn on the camera at all and only shows black screen and when i try to switch it to front camera it work for like one second and than it shuts down. Pls fix it for this device and you will get 5 stars.
Very neat interface
Update: video preview is broken on nexus 4 and also crashes app often.  Would like a more seamless interface as stuff appears to be everywhere. No reason to have small settings widgets everywhere, make them full screen please :)
Like the new Google Play rating system says...it's just OK...hasn't been updated in 6 months.
Is awesome and works fine except for video, I can't record video, it freezes and then crashes
Just two problems. When I open the app, it doesn't seem to fit my screen. And second when I switch to video mode it it always crashes (I'm using Jelly Bean 4.2.2 btw). Still a lot of room for improvement.
Unfortunately for me it autorotates 90 degrees off, so maybe for start you could but auto rotate button in the settings so I could turn it off and use the app. Keep up the good work!
Good, but sometimes crashes
Features work fine but it really needs to be able to save to external sd card
Great idea,great ui also more features than stock camera app but it lacks the stability.Hope that they update it soon.Five star to encourage them.
Not working
It's packed with features but crashes all the time. Sometimes just going between camera modes will break it. It never finishes rendering picture spheres, never rotates portrait photos and doesn't stitch hdr or panoramas well. Kinda clunky ui too.
Working fine on Xperia P rooted stock Rom :-)
Great for cm without manufacturer stock app
A great camera on my Moto G. Let's me use things like photosphere, which is only available on higher end devices. Also re-enables panoramic, which the new Google Camera removed. To say it's only in beta, I think this app is pretty much flawless. One major bug is my pictures being the wrong orientation sometimes.
May wanna get trust fixed
Nexus 4 Currently very buggy, but the UI concept is superior to stock.
All portrait photos appear rotated incorrectly in G+ photo browser. Please fix!! Also, no undo if I accidentally delete a photo :(
PicSphere mode crashes directly on HTC One X.
Please enable save to sdcard.
Looks like an awesome camera, interface works great, love the effects, but will not show any pictures that I take with the app. Using HTC One, does the App not work with this phone? Let me know if there's a work around on my Google Plus account. If this issue get's fixed I'll change my rating to 5 stars.
But it won't work on the galaxy s2 t989 with CyanogenMod 10.2. Hope the next update will include a fix.
Did this project get dropped?
Taking picture and photosphere does not work on my phone but video and panorama does. Can't wait to see if it gets fixed..
The app works just fine. Works a lot better than the stock camera app on the custom ROM I'm running. Only problem I have is that there isn't an option to save your pictures to your micro SD card.
Abandoned
Excellent
My front facing camera flips my photos upsidedown. Luckily I don't take many selfies.
Nexus 5... Won't capture pictures. Low light setting, despite changes in settings made.
This is a great lil app to replace stock camera app. I'm running cyanogenmod 11 on i9300 but notices front facing camera has a wierd resolution... Almost distorted. HDR pics aren't that great either (which is the primary reason I installed this app: stock app has no HDR). Has allot of potential though. Ps dump that swipe to delete feature... Jus go with a trash can icon top right corner.
Works good on my rooted ZTE source except when taking a photo with flash. The flash will not light up to its brightest to capture photos and it only works some times.
In portrait mode, it takes landscape pic and in landscape it takes portrait pic. If you fix this bug, I'll give 5 stars.
i have rooted galaxy note running kitkat. Photo functions works good  but video recording does not work.
This will be the best out there soon.
The PicSphere didn't show any pictures when taking picture. Also, it didn't show any indication that it was taking pictures. Furthermore, it lacks auto capture like panorama does. Not to mention that is is kind of laggy especially rendering. Finally, the rendering seems to fail. After rendering, I couldn't find the rendered image.
Color adjustment doesn't work
Update:So when r u planning to get it out of the BETA? still laggy for 4.4.2.... Crashes sometimes after taking photos.
It stuck after taking a photo
But It frustrates me. It didn't convince me to change from the default camera to this. It glitches a lot. It crashes when choosing the sphere camera. It lags a lot when using panorama. The controls are too complicated and annoying. I really hope the future updates will fix all the problems.
Buggy buggy buggy.... In all aspects, shape and form!
Doesn't work at all in my galaxy core duos... It say's didn't connect with camera
Torch won't turn off, it turns on everyone I open the app
Firstly: the pictures I take doesn't match what I see before I take it. It forces it to show 16:9, while my camera's resolution isn't.  Secondly, the worst error. The ratio is fucked up on the facecamera. It changes with when I turn the phone, and it's not 1:1 with what's actually there
There isn't one thing that works
I think that the touch to focus must be upgraded because it don't always focus well but overall it a great app
LG G2, takes black pics, saves broken images, once told me photo wasn't saved cause I'm out of memory. That's a negative. Also front facing cam has a gray bar going down the right side.
Development seems to have slowed or stopped. Still missing geotagging and option to turn off camera noise.
Not really useful yet, but so far good looking interface!  Can we PLEASE get a locking focus and exposure like the camera + app for iPhone?!!!
Good features.
App packs nice features but have issues with stability
It could be better need some resulotion and image quality plus, on video recording mode, low video quality without focus usless ! Fix it
The UI shows signs of great things. It's clean and fairly intuitive. I look forward to seeing where the project goes.  That said, this app is really rough around the edges. When you open an option menu, it should close after you select an option, currently it does not. Swiping down to delete photos from the gallery drop-down is just plain dumb and leads to accidental deletions. Heck, Focal won't even actually TAKE photos on my Nexus 5. I tap the shutter and.... NOTHING. This app doesn't even deserve the title "beta", it is at best an alpha quality app.  As for the developers request to not rate 1-star, if you don't want feedback then don't post your app on the market yet. How else are we supposed to tell you what isn't working if you ask us not to provide feedback about the app?
I don't understand how this is possible, but the Focal app consistently gives sharper, more realistic pictures than the app that Samsung provides. The interface makes a lot more sense too. Only real gripe is that I can't find information on what some of the settings actually do - is there a help website somewhere?  Please continue ongoing support - this is an app I would gladly pay for.
Didn't allow me to take pictures :(
I love it! Its so feature packed.
I have an S4 running CM 11 Stable and the front camera shots are ways upside down and back camera shots saved in rotated positions. It's beta so I am hoping that this fixed in the future as this is the only third party app I could find that does both stills and video.
Please make it easier to use the picsphere. That would just make my day.
I have a Motorola xt910, running CyanogenMod 11, the app freezes and becomes unresponsive quite a bit when changing settings, zoom, etc.  Along with this comes a block on the use of the camera entirely, requiring a restart to have camera functions back.  Please fix
Too dark at night because can't change ISO to high level.
No update since December
I just accidentally deleted 21 of my amazing pictures from past couple of days because the counterintuitive swipe feature deletes the pictures as you swipe down. why did i do that? because to access the pictures in the app you first have to swipe down.  pictures gone forever because the developer did not want to add a delete feature.
Excellent software. HTC One
But can't save any video file. I use pantech vega r3 (im-a850s)
Is this project still being worked on?
Changed the original colour settings and cant find a restore button. Also i cannot pinch zoom the last shot pics in the viewer. Features are too good. I will appreciate if the settings pop up are lil big!
20% chance that the pic sphere wont come properly but the rest is very good
Nice little app,  I have an issue where I have a gray bar to the right of the screen on my moto x but still it's a good camera I have to try it out properly tomorrow
More than I can say about the junky buggy Google camera.
Sorry but this is so poor
This is going to be the standard by which all other phone cameras will mimic... keep this development going. I would easily pay 5 bucks for this when it's done
**Update** Switched to stock 4.3 ROM, still doesn't successfully do HDR or Pictosphere.   -On a Galaxy S3 i747 AT&T, Slim Version 4.4.2. Won't take HDR photos, Picosphere doesn't work, and it appears to not have the option to save to SD card?
Don't work on my galaxy s2 T Mobile.  I'm running CyanogenMod 11
The Photo mode works almost fine on my Galaxy S2 Plus. The saved pictures of the face camera are flipped horizontally. The HDR mode is pointless (or just doesn't perform well). Focussing is a bit slow sometimes. But the app itself is very fast and easy to use. I like the pull-down to see the last pictures and the button for editing. The Video mode doesn't work for me. It just says 'Error while starting recording'. PicSphere does neither. It looks like a fault of the magnetic sensor, but the sensor is fine.
Finally I have photo spheres on my s2
Is there a way to adjust? I thought I was going crazy at first ...
Would use it instead of the stock android gallery, but pictures taken on the front camera are always upside down. Hope that can be fixed soon, which would make this a perfect app
Many bugs but hopefully  you will fix it the next update
Dev actively updating :-) great job
Sup
Its good but keeps crashing
Auto focus sucks
Here are a few things that bother me about it though: auto rotate doesn't work. It always takes the picture in landscape. Sometimes the auto focus gets stuck. And I can't turn off the shutter sound. Its annoying, and I'd like a way to disable it without muting my phone. This camera has replaced the stock camera on my N4 however. Thanks for that!
Love this app. Best UI I have used so far but the lack of a gallery button and no way to review your shots is a huge drawback in my opinion. Add these features and will rate 5 stars.
Not at all stable enough for mission critical use. I know its a beta but some of the crashes are rough
Has great potential
But it's a good start. I took a video and it looked really over exposed. Another time I took a selfie and it processed it upside down. Otherwise good app
Focal includes some fundamental camera settings that the Moto G oddly lacks, like white balance options, manual exposure adjustment and pixel resolution choices.  Unfortunately Focal is too buggy. The biggest bug is that the viewfinder is zoomed in (photos are still taken with the full range of the lens). It also freezes while switching between photo and video mode, and it doesn't seem to have auto exposure. But the big question: can it improve the awful quality of the Moto G's photos and videos? Sadly the answer is no. The results are just as bad.
The pic sphere looks like a panoramic photo that has been twisted and placed underwater and takes an hour to process.  Hard to see what you're shooting since there is just a blank landscape in the background.  Menus hang and sometimes the shutter sounds lag.  Sony Xperia Z.
Excellent
Stupid in my opinion. It doesn't even have a auto focas mode. Needs lots of improving!
I'm in love with this app, its what the stock camera app should of been like. I hate holding my finger on the screen and trying to navigate through the menus on the stock apps it just doesn't seem to work very well for me... however with this app there is no need for that. Thanks a lot.
Doesnt recognize camera skyrocket sgh-i727 Cm10.x jb 4.2.2 :-(  Nice concept, but in reality this app is no f--king good.
Open Source
A little flakey. And the setting window pop-ups could use a bit more resizing but it's a nice app. Very customizable. Takes some great pictures and can't beat the price.
Lots of features but there some bugs with the photo sphere and load time issues
Focal use to have ISO settings, where did that go?
Its beta release and obviously so many bugs need to be identified and removed. Waiting patiently.
Video recording does not work, photosphere does not work, but this app has a lot of potential I'll keep it and wait for updates. Running AOKP.
Pulling this app from CM is a good thing. They need to give full credit to whoever needed to be credited for. Hope they learned their lesson.
If it was working it would have been a great app, this is how the stock software should have been.  But unfortunately it does not work to my Nexus 5.  If i press the shutter to take a photo it just drop downs the last photo in my album.  I doubled tap in the screen in order to make it take photos with tapping the screen but this also does not work. I really hope the developer to improve this app and make it work in our devices.
Add option to save pics in memory card and there is a bit lag not smooth as the stock camera app there is always room for improvement
Respect, brother! Love what you've done with the menu and review drawers. They make adjustments quick, intuitive, and perfectly one-handed. Had a couple freeze moments, but they were minor. (Galaxy S2) Also like the main / mode button-wheel gizmo. Again, makes it easy to make one-hand changes.
Hoping you add root features like 4k shooting on Galaxy s5 so those of us who will put cm on it can use the s5 camera features
Slightly unstable. needs a lot more development
Video recorder is not working fine. I did like this photo review we can't zoom it.
Glitchy, when i switch back to photo after using video, it freezes. The best thing about it is the volume button to capture and clean interface
I have this for 4 months now and it's still not working for Samsung Hercules.
Great app, takes way better photos then the stock camera on KitKat. The only issues I'm having is HDR not working correctly. Also for some reason when I take portrait photos it will save the photo in landscape. I mean I could just edit it and rotate it but that's a bit of a hassle. Other then those two problems this app is great, thank you!
It is the only app which works very well on my phone. It can use the flash, front camera, etc etc and has a lot of pretty effects. I hope the bugs will be fixed soon.
ALWAYS crashing and rotates pictures after taking them without my permission
Awesome camera, but switching to video mode and starting to record causes the image to freeze (though the timer does count up) and produces an unplayable file on my stock Nexus 5.   Update: Video still doesn't work as of 1.0-4aeccf19
A nice and easy to use app, it gives easy access to controls and gallery access.  Nice clean looks means less clutter and  a better idea of the final image.  Unfortunately, the exposure adjustment is not functioning  as intended, and maintain the centre of the image as the point.
Much better than stock Moto G camera, picture quality is dramatically improved.
Best aap ever I have used....
The development has been moving along nicely. I'm still having a few small issues with settings but I'm sure the dev can help.
spherical panorama is just fab. It takes a bit too long to process complex panoramas but it worth it. It works even better then most even commercial PC panorama stiching tools. Great job!
App gives error of "unable to take picture" on Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. Giving it 3 stars because it works totally fine on my GS3.
More features than the stock camera app.  Pretty awesome.
This camera app has some really awesome features, and a great interface. But there's a few things, like geo-location and orientation, that don't seem to work although they're pretty basic. Also, I can't seem to use it as the quick-access camera app in Cover - which is how I access my camera 90% of the time.
I love the app but there are 2 features missing.   1. Ability to adjust video quality  2. Ability to turn shutter noise off. (When you take a picture it makes a loud noise by default).
Interface is neat with some bugs, but most of the time photos don't get taken. Using stock ROM rooted Nexus 5
They are now gone and will never come back.
Awesome beta but it appears geotagging doesn't work. Also burst mode is really slow to take each photo. I'd like the interval to be configurable or at least a lot less. Pic sphere crashed when I tried it.
I tried to snap countless pictures and the app just sits there. I can navigate every setting but the main point that's actually taking pictures didn't work. Needs a fix obviously. Nexus 5 stock not rooted.
Still no immersive mode?
Finally! A camera app for Android full of manual options and not just girly filters and effects. The only option missing in my opinion is ISO. My suggestion though is for the options bar to take up the entire lenght of the screen. Unfortuantely the app lags...a lot, especially when changing modes. I hope that gets fixed soon. My device is a Galaxy S II i9100, btw
Crashes on Galaxy S3 with CM11
Preview gets distorted and stretched when rotating phone from portrait to landscape. It's very annoying.
This really helped me with my LGG2's really messed up video recording issues. For a beta version is really solid. My only issues are that you need to dissable screen timeout, touch feedback sounds, and that you need to wait a little bit before the image stabilizes, minor issues considering how awful the stock video recorder is. Would glad pay if those are fixed. Well done devs!!
Just need option of saving pics to other storage... update- xposed picture 2 sd fixed the issue...
But other than that it's great, keep up the good work
It does not work on Mi phones.
Said it took a photo but would show only old photos after capture. Swiped to dismiss, but it really deleted my photos. No warning. At least I use auto backup. Uninstalled. Nexus 5.
Good Job !!!
It works great on my gs4 and is a thousand times faster than the stock Samsung camera app. Great work dev.. Thanks for your hard work and making it free too!
Its still buggy can def tell its beta plan on reinstalling once things are straightend out
I love that it offers so much control over photo modes, ISO, etc.,  and that it's GNU.  On my LG G2 it is very buggy (I know it's beta, but it feels more like alpha). Most pics I take end up being completely black, or else no picture takes at all.  sometimes it crashes as well.  On Android 4.4 but had same issues when I was on 4.2. Will definitely follow this project and keep trying the updates to see if it gets better - - currently it is unusable for me.
Force closes a lot.
Best cam app unlike those "less camera nd more image editors "  but it has a bug dat whenever i switch it to video mode, a grey line of half cm appears permanently on right side of my screen. Hope u fix dat soon nd need more options for HD recording.
Every time I tried to take a picture on my S4, the app crashed. No matter what, it finds a way to crash. Not reliable at all. Great idea, horrible execution. Also when will this app not be a beta version anymore? It has been long enough.
Force closed on me when having high saturation and recording. It made the video corrupt..
It doesn't work on my samsung galaxy core pls fix these problems
, however my only complaint is that it's not geo tagging my photos... And that is a problem.  I've given an extra star from my last review due to its features and growth. I hope to see more.
It's beta so I shouldn't ask too much. It's clear that the app is not yet properly tested to work on low budget phones (like mine). The buttons appear cut in half in my slightly smaller screen and every time I Change the settings it crashes. I also can't use my second camera. This application has AMAZING potential I'm looking forward to see it finished
Love this camera app absolutely amazing no issues so far and best camera app I've tried!!  Best part I love about it completely free with no advertisements!  Thanks for a great, free app with no annoying advertisements!  Keep up the excellent work!
Screen stays pink!! But it does capture pics...Please fix...
One of the best camera app.. Minimal interface.. With lots of hidden windows.. Works really fast.. Though the categorization of options can be improved a bit.. Sometimes the options get overlapped.. Not a big problem though.. Happy snapping..! :)
Don't work at all.
Seems rather slow on updating frames in realtime compared to my stock n5 camera. Noticeable at times. Also, photos taken in photosphere don't appear to show up in previews.
almost perfect, the shutter sound is a little annoying :( but the app itself ans the quality of the photo is really awesome FIVE STARS INDEED!
Doesn't matter if it's not working at 100% on my nexus 5 sometime the picture doesn't save properly but perfection will come with time. If you can update this project more often will be great!
Hope CM stops trolling around. Losing great devs like you isn't really good.
Great UI design wish stock android camera was like this works great on my nexus 5 ..keep pushing those updates
Mid range phone and cam the best way to show off.
Took a great video of my kid that I wanted to share with my family, but it didn't save anywhere. Lesson learned, I'm staying away from beta for my camera application. Gets two stars for being a legitimate app that isn't just here to mine my data.
Great app. A few bugs here and there but it's expected. UI is good although scrolling down on the task to get the gallery opened takes a lot of getting used too.   I would love the Moto X's slow motion feature. Maybe even the Note III's.   4/5 Good job. Cant wait for the next version.
Out standing have Sony Xperia z ultra with stock rom it fully working keep up the good work
Not only that,when video recording there is power saver mode on when the phone not touch by it's input and lock the phone when recording. Programming failure. This app came with cyanogenmod and I thought it is good but not even close to CyanogenMod greatness. This app is beta for too long.
This app is great but when i try to record a video it crashes everytime.
And makes me want a grilled sausage for some reason
without asking me or providing a way to get it out. I am not amused. (Star N9599T, rooted but otherwise standard)
Force close in cyanogenmod 11 and laggy sometimes
Not as many features (yet) as in the stock note 3 camera. Camera flash "torch" mode is waaaaaayy bettter than flash in dark places. I'm really looking forward to seeing this app finished :) Works great on rooted note 3 (international smN9005)
So much better than Samsung's garbage camera app which is loaded with modes I'll never use but can't take a properly focused photo of the subject is within ten yards. Think I'll donate!
I first used this on Cyanogenmod 10.2 on my EVO 4G LTE and now with my HTC One, it force closes after every shot. What gives??? Once it's fixed, I'll rewrite the review once more.
But the dev has forgotten it apparently
Nista posebno.
On my Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II it opens and I can access all the settings but there's a problem with the camera where I have a ton of tiny cameras tiled and squished together and the performance goes way down. I know this is beta so I can't completely rate this down.
i give five stars since it works on non cyanogenmod now but on the Samsung Infuse 4G running 4.4.2 Beanstalk its not so good i can access the options but they disappear in like 2 Sec and when moving the camera it shakes like crazy but i know its a beta so hopefully the dev can fix this then i can truly mean the 5 star rating and i won't buy the app to support development until it works stable-ish on my phone
Thanks developer for this great. It's really fast and easy. Really nice. It also launches photos fast. Cool interface too.
HTC one m7 the flash or torch setting doesn't work while on video . however flash when taking a picture on camera mode does work. Please fix
Very promising but still incomplete. The sidebar icons get stuck selected when scrolling. Settings for shutter sound, compression quality, etc. are missing. Anyway the author deserves recognition for the great job done!
Has some rather major bugs on my i9100 kitkat.  Starting video recording has unpredictable results more than 50% of the time (hangs / crashes / going back to camera starts the recording / starting to record also takes a corrupted photo / all of the above!!)  Great concept and effort tho, my 5 stars go to that, hoping that it will be out of beta soon!
It has a few bugs but it works great for a BETA. Has a lot of potential. Please help the developer with your feedback.
But I love this camera app so 4 stars until fixed!
Just hope it can get an update soon to fix the crashes!  I feel like this has the potential to be far superior to the stock nexus 5 camera for sure.
Crasbes a lot and many times doesn't take pictures
It looks really nice and I would definetely use it but the bus and hiccups are too much right now, I'll wait a little. S4
how can we change the camera/video quality like 6mp(16:9) or 8mp like that.. there is no option to change the video too, FullHDR (8mp) mode or HD mode (6mp).. please add it.
Only thing missing is the focus mode (macro option!) Love the UI and features.
Come on. It's been forever since the last update and I still can't connect to the camera.
I have Samsung Galaxy R i9103 with OmniROM 4.4.2 and the app won't work :( I've sent a bug report too, if that helps. I'm hoping that someone makes this app work for me; I saw it on a friend's HTC One and it's amazing!  I'm willing to test and send logs if need be.  Thanks and keep up the good work.
Appreciate if dev can add a feature to save pic/vids to external sd card
Takes great pics, but I managed to accidentally delete some of my first pics because the gallery pop-up isn't too intuitive to use. Still a better love story than Twilight.
I love this app, well done. The only thing that I miss from the stock camera is GPS tracking, maybe this could be implemented?   edit: crashing on mako (3stars) edit: crashing was my fault, it crashes, when immersive mode is on (5stars again)
But is excellent camera app for the most part
Usually works great but auto enchantment cause an all block grey image on xperia z running omnirom
Excellent app,  but cant Zoom in,  it gets force closed & Stability issues  Kindly solve it ASAP !!
Crashes on my nexus 4 running cyanogen. Not sure what the problem is. Maybe other users have has a different experience.
Permissions with cyanogen mod seem to be getting better..
Several issues found in 3 minutes use. Worst problems, couldn't take images in any mode. Force-closed. Navigating  application was fine. Just couldn't use camera for anything
Photos work well. Video, not so much. Screen looks skewed (things appear shorter and wider) when video is selected then crashes upon stopping the recording. No file written. Otherwise, very intuitive, attractive and has great potential as an alternative to a stock camera app. Nice job dev(s).
Swipe menus need experimental discovery & learning time; unfinished labels on many icons. Auto rotates.
The app is laggy but the pictures look great! Video mode also works decent but it would be nice if we could view the photos we take without having to go to the gallery separately.
This is the coolest camera app I've encountered. If it were more reliable, it would be my default. As buggy as it is, I still like having it around. After switching to the front-facing camera on my RAZR Maxx HD, I have to exit the app to switch back.
When I do a picsphere, the app renders the image an hangs up at 33%.
Love this app , it is in beta so yes it lags, yes it has bugs but this is a very good start and I can't wait until this app comes out of beta
Love it. Would be better if I could choose where the pictures will be saved.
Force closes and problem in focusing but over all good and simple no shutter speed control in sp.
Shouldn't be able to delete the picture by swiping up the pic when a popup/menu that darkens the background is open. ...This is for older version tho. Might try latest...
Love the fact that it has photosphere, which makes it a more likely replacement app. The viewfinder on the Nexus 5 needs to be fixed. It displays 16:9 yet takes 4:3 images, the same issue that still plagues the stock app. The UI is wonderful however.
Few bugs but it's  beta. To me the best camera around. Can't wait for them to keep upgrading this
Just installed five minutes ago, took on picture, app crashed. Completely lock up phone. No wonder Cyanogen Mod pulled this app from current releases. Wish I good give 0 stars but....
I really like this app but i seems to lag n freeze from time to time.  Most annoying the pictures seem to save side ways, so I half to rotate them every time.
But it crashes a lot when taking pictures with flash.  Please fix.
It's buggy but the quality is so gooooood, i love the ennhancements
The app crashes when you change it to video mode
I liked it when it was a part of CM. Running CM 11 and its blank. It's as if something is in front of it and blocking the camera. Galaxy s2 Hercules.
Bummer they removed this from cm. This app is amazing.
For some reason the HDR is not working and does 3 separate pictures instead of a combined one. Please fix.
Love the pic sphere and other enhancements over the stock camera app.
GALAXY S3 So many options so little time. My cam is already boss,  this just makes something previously great f'in awesome! Thanks again, BBQ!
Installed based on reviews, but app always crashes on start, didn't even have chance to test. Uninstalled
Just PicSphere doesn't work correctly
Best camera app, even compared to paid apps!
The app doesn't work on my Nexus 7 2013 tablet.
I have CyanogenMod 11 on my Note 3 and this camera takes superior photographs than the stock AOSP/CM application. Many thanks :)
Keep up the great work!!!
Better pics out off my Moto X :)
The ui is fantastic but the flash doesnt work correctly, it just turns on when you fpcus the picture and the turns off when the picture is taken. Fix that for five stars if everything else continues to work.
I look forward 2 updates however I've had to uninstall it because it causes issues
This a mist have app this should be standard on all camera Phones .
The app is great but occasionally the photo you take will be displayed/saved as a black screen. Not talking about dark images. Just a black image. It is not constant. Please fix. It gave a new life to my N4 camera :)
image rotation is an issue.  Also the video camera freezes, but this may be a Samsung issue.
I have installed it in my galaxy grand duos. It works poorly, always crashed, camera shoot is good but other functions are poor (video, paronama, sphere, front facing). Interface design is nice, but it's stuck sometimes and I want each menu disappear when touch other menus. Shutter speed is slow as well as pictures saving to SD card. When I touched 2 icon above, it's linked to stock gallery. It's just not good. Photo quality is not as good as stock app. Totally pls help improve more to fit mid range devices
Photo sphere no work
This has quickly become my go to camera app. Great features.
After i took the pic, the create date of the pic is showing 1970-01-01. Pls fix it.  Thanks
Would like to see silent shutter because that noise is a bit much. And not sure what that gray bar is on the side of the screen but other than that it's much better than the stock camera app on moto x. Keep up the good work
Nice features and love the way it works. The problem is with the bugs. Have a lots and lots of bugs. But since it's a beta and with great features, giving 5 stars. (Y)
Bring it to earn additional stars. Edit: won't let me choose the default storage location
Only issue is one of my pictures glitched and half of the picture looks like it's in hyperspace. Only used it for a dozen pictures, only had the problem once. May just be a one-time issue.
A little buggy, but I see potential
Much better at focusing than the default camera. I like it so far.
All my photos are upside down!
hi when i take HDR its take 3 photos and it dosent combined them to one why?
This Came got Potential but need Optimizaztion. There are a lot of Bug that need to be fix. 5 Star for this Awesome App.
Nice it processes photos in like 1/4 of a second
Flash light not working after update
Attach
Would be nice if the files could be read. Running CM 11 on Galaxy S4 AT&T (JFLTEATT). Nothing else wrong, just can't open the images...
Love this, but... PicSphere is not working and crashes. Other than that seems really good.
I suggest that you fix this bug. When auto enhancing if you go to the home screen, this image is destroyed.
The front facing camera seems a bit distorted as compared to snapchat which looks a lot more normal. Note 2.
Way better than stock camera
Even after the update, nothing shows up.
When I want to use the front facing feature on my note 2 (i7000), it stretches out sideways  And when I turn to the main camera, there's a bit of lag, display from stretches snap back to normal  Other than that, so far so good
Just a couple issues. I realize its in beta so I just wanted to mention these... switching from video to photo freezes it and on the video screen there's about an eighth of an inch of gray screen on the right side in portrait. Great app except for that. And if they would add storage on SD that would be great too!
Very buggy and crashes often on LGOGP.
This app is awesome. Fast might and easy to use. Just needs ability to save to alternate location for phones with not a lot of onboard storage.
Nice app
The side toolbar customization isn't kept after relaunching the app. No settings at all are saved. Makes it very uncomfortable to use
Very odd how this displays in the view finder, 100 tiny images. On samsung victory.
Please update and fix video record for s4
extreme buggy and unstable. Uninstalled & forgot about it.
Everytime I try to get a nice photo sphere shots it crashes
This is a must have app for the Moto G. The default camera app doesn't come close to this in terms of raw settings. Fantastic. Keep up the good work!
PicSphere crashes.
I have my auto rotate on but everytime I capture a photo, it shows it's in portrait but when I upload to fb, it gets rotated to the left. Same thing if I try to edit the picture with third party editor. The app is great though
But how do I access the high frame rate option for video recording? I feel like im being stupid for not seeing it.
It is an awesome app for photos but when i turn the video camera on it crashes
Much improved after the last update
App takes good pictures but freezes and crashes after each picture. So basically you can only take one picture then you have to restart your phone to take another.
Great for setting up composition.  Saves all grey image.  No data saved.
Excellent performance
Is there a possibility that you could add a small box in the corner of the screen that would allow you to get directly into your gallery? I like being able to preview the images quickly after taking them.   Also would be nice to have a "touch anywhere to take picture" option for taking pictures with the flash instead of trying to find the small picture take button while the screen is facing away from you.
Works pretty smoothly. only issue im having is i can't seem to be able to set my default save location to my SD card as opposed to onboard storage. Also cause Mightytext (app which syncs text messages and photos with chrome extension) to crash.
But last update destroyed the app and every time I click the shutter screen goes black and app force closes. I had to uninstall for now because it's useless like this but I'm hoping this problem gets solved quickly. I want to make this the default camera on my S4.
but force closes sometimes (mostly when using video recording)
I love the direction the developer is taking this app into and it still needs more work but when it gets officially released I'm sure it will be a hit app!
Keep up the great work. This app will be awesome and amazing. Loved it. Work great. Really love app. Amazing interface and quality. Couldn't ask for more .....
Just doesn't display an image from the camera on my phone. I'm using a Samsung Galaxy Note i717.
Pretty slow at the moment
a Camera, Gallery, & Editor AIO. One of the Best Camera App. Hands down.	I first used Focal when it was the Camera on CyanogenMod, It's a Camera/Gallery/Editor in 1. Focal has a simple, easy to use layout . Focal also has features which are lacking on some stock cameras like PhotoSphere, Panorama, HDR, Burst, + more. I've used Focal n the stock Camera app. on a Galaxy S4, a Galaxy S3, an a Nexus 5. For the Galaxy S3 and Galaxy S4 devices; In my opinion Focal in general is the better choice over Samsung's Camera.
Currently totally not working on HTC Desire S [Saga] with latest KitKat build (Andromadus Flinny).. Just not responding black screen on start.  Sent report via Google Play. Waiting for soon fixes!
Much better focus than the other camera. How do I get the pics to save on my SD card? Would you help me? Thanks :-)
Some UI overlap in landscape. No flash. Lots of options don't seem to work in the latest 4.4.2 build of Android+Moto X.
Finally works on nexus 5
Using cyanogenmod 10.2 on a galaxy S4.
States that it cannot connect to my camera!!  Seems it was a Cyanogen problem
Crashes on a Verizon Galay S4 when opening PicSphere
Starts very slow on my droid maxx. Freezes frequently a guarantee if I go to effects and chalk and white board. Would love to use as a replacement for stock camera but can't at this time. I love the concept but it is not stable on my phone.
The developer has a low skill level and no understanding of software licencing. That is why Cyanogen had to drop him.
Camera app !!!
Love the app!
I have a Samsung Galaxy Express.  It did not work.  kept crashing.  instead of a picture I got a grid and each square had what the camera saw.  then it crashed.  then nothing really worked.    I know your stuff works with CM, but just not here.
Fix the picture rotation issue and add option to store to external sd and this is 5 star.
Selecting Photosphere crashes the app.
I'm liking this app now that it seems more stable. I would like the option to disable the shutter sound though.
that when I turn on video mode it stopped and unable to record/take a picture. I think it would be great, if you add new functions one by one. Now 4
Love the advanced settings though
Can't take any photo with my Nexus 5. The camera button just shows my photos, but no photo is taken. It sure can delete my photo by swiping down the photo. But who knows it will be deleted if I swipe it down??
I can see this app being the go to app for the camera but there is some improvements to be made.   I tried to use the camera in the panorama mode but it shuts down. The frustrating part is when it shuts down, it doesn't allow me to send in a crash report so that the powers that be can see what may or may not be happening.
Sorry but this app doesn't even seem high priority from the looks of it, it's still not that different from since before it was releases and the same problems still exist thus making it unusable still, and a bad replacement for stock camera. Too many force closes at bad times.
If it has an iso setting, this is perfect
I honestly don't know why I keep this buggy POS installed on my phone.  Maybe in hope that it actually takes pictures with correct aspect ratio or that picsphere eventually works.  That'd be nice.
I understand this is beta, but I can't even focus the camera or take photo/video. This app should've stayed in cyanogenmod.
This is the only camera app that'll get a good close-up focus, and that'll capture clear, in-focus video on my device. Actual pictures often look better/more in-focus than the preview. Only a few issues:  - Picture orientation is often wrong. Not a big deal, but a minor annoyance.  - Actual pictures taken capture much more around the edges than is shown in preview  - Doesn't register as a camera app to most device services  - No option to choose where photos are saved  Please fix soon. Thanks, dev!
Works as advertised not too buggy. Far better than the standard camera app
Cool apps
Has a lot of promise and I like the UI but had an issue with video mode having a gray area down the right side of the display. When trying to switch from video mode to camera mode, it freezes and sometimes you have to restart the app to go back to camera mode. Uninstalled for now.
Please fix the Video Mode and other features.
Best camera app I have ever used!!! Please continue to keep it free!!!
Camera doesn't currently open to show an actual image. All the features seem nice though and the UI seems far superior to the stock camera app. For sure a 5 star app once this gets sorted out
I have an LG Optimus G and it works perfect
When it runs it's very well thought out and nice to use.  It does crash often on Galaxy Note 3 a lot tho which is a shame. Still... its a good beta : )
Can't wait for a stable release
Thanks
I like that I may choose the focal point(and all of the other camera settings).  Now it just needs to take the picture... Update fixed this problem. Great app. now I'm going to try it on all of my other Android devices
When I record a video there is a grey line on top of the screen (horizontal) and I cannot see the full screen. Also there is not a shortcut so I can easily get to the pictures. Apart from the above it is great, fast and stable! (using Xperia T)
When ever i click on recording this app closed automatically  Please do something
This app has been very good and have potential  , just took 2 photos and it gave me and FC .. Beside that changing too many settings is creating FC too btw 
Good app. But when I want to see the picture then it rotates 90 degrees in Google photos.
Iike it a lot but it always freezes on photosphere mode.
On the LG Optimus 4x HD, which uses a Tegra 3 SoC, camera performance needs much improvement as it only seems to run at 17FPS. The UI is smooth at times, but there are rotation issues (photos do not show in their correct orientation in previews, pinned options are rotated -90). Also needs options to choose storage location, overlay time and date, and change/disable camera shutter sound. 4 out 5 stars, an easy five with these improvements.
Awesome camera by cyanogenmod team
Video recording does not work. This app ruined a video I really wanted to record, it just has that saving icon top left and nothing. Nothing saved. Useless app.
Auto enhancement was great on my front camera, but it crashes when trying on my rear camera. (Xperia S CyanogenMod 11 beta 3)
3d sphere photo not working
It barely works on my note 2. This is a very unstable build. It shouldn't have been called a beta. This is an early alpha.
Feedback has been submitted, love the camera
Just hoping that it will get updated to work better. Its laggy and sometimes freezes the phone and picsphere won't work. Fix and 5 stars is yours
The interface is really nice and it easy to take pictures, but they come out blurry and for some reason the pictures I take come out flipped
This app work as good or better than the stock photo app.  I like the interface better.  The picsphere mode crashes on my stock sprint gs4.
Could you implement picking photo by this app...for sharing with friends on whatsapp etc..
Sony Xperia Z1
Now my stock camera app doesnt work as well. Solution?
While this promises to be a worthy alternative to the stock camera app, it is extremely unreliable. It just hangs and crashes to often, usually requiring a reboot before the phone's camera can be used again. Net result, not usable yet.
I am using this on unrooted stock NOTE3LTE mj7..  Though the app crashes when I try to launch photosphere.. Sometimes it gets stuck when I fiddle with settings, go to/fro image preview quickly etc..  prompting me to relaunch the app..
Its in Beta so don't expect perfection, but what a great start, so easy to use; I really like it.  2 things I'd like to see... slide from the right side to switch from camera to the gallery (ala the stock camera) would be great, and, an indication that the photo was taken that is more noticeable than just the sound (again the stock camera does this well enough).  I took several test photos and heard the sound but wasn't entirely sure the photos were there until I went looking for them.
Once finished, I'd say this is the best app for camera. Couldn't get flash to work on camera on exhibit 2,
Does not work on s2 all I'm getting is a black screen and the focus icon
Samsung S3. App opens up but doesn't save any images taken. Reinstalled and images are saved this time but as blank black images.
This is a very good app perfect almost, I hope an update will make it work for my galaxy s2
There is one problem on my p1000 tablet just when I press the shutter button it freezes for a few secs then stops
Am using app in nexus 4 stock 4.4, phone restarts when i click shutter button every single time consistently :( ..plzz look into this . this app is 100% unusable in my nexus 4 right now ..
Photosphere doesn't work right on my phone.
But when I switch from normal camera to video camera there is a grey line on the right. When I try to switch back to normal camera it just freeze. Running nexus 4 latest everything. Either art or dalvik and no extras. On OmniRom and Purity Roms.
It is lacking storage option and choosing a non 16:9 resolution will result image been stretched and distorted. Other than that great job! CM11 on SM-N9005
But fixed it for samsung s3 and give a lot  beautiful effect
It's a really good camera the only problem seems to be that every time I use the front facing camera the pictures come out upside down for some odd reason, other than that it's a 5/5
Not to critique too much but it didn't do well on my AT&T Galaxy S3 running CM 10.2 stable. Like the idea very much And will def try again. I HAD TO UNINSTALL. Thanks for your hard work and again hopefully in the future it will get better....
SKY Vega LTE-A.
Lags very very much on CyanogenMod 11
I know its in beta so I was warned lol. Opening application causes a flickering delay before actually opening. Videos get recorded sideways. And font for changing between Camera/Video/Panorama/etc is too large for my LG Motion
Best photo app
Camera doesn't take pictures, all I get is a black photo. Have cleared setting and still getting black photos. No option to save to SD card.  Update *** now the display is all distorted and can't take a picture. This app has never worked for me.
It is good app for smart phones
You open the gallery by swiping down, try to close it by swiping up and you've just deleted a good picture! Stupidest idea ever. Also, makes a very loud and annoying noise while taking a picture and loose all orientation with rotation lock enabled. It's a shame really, because otherwise it looks promising.
This is a good and promising app, but it still needs some work, for example, there is no panorama option, or it is just too hidden. Also remove the pinch zooming, there are side buttons for that kind of thing
Oustanding
It's strange, but this app does not actually take photos..  all of the UI elements work, and when you press the shutter button it definitely seems like it's trying to take a picture - it just doesn't.  Ever.
I there is autofocus or touch to focus with HDR mode on GS4.
This app is not working for Skyrocket - not in CM 10.2 and not in CM 11. Any fixes needed?
Please add an option to disable shutter sound and is impossible to view picsphere in my phone.Xperia SP
Amazing app. Much better than the stock camera.  -please fix camera zoom.. Zooming causes a kernel crash on cm10.2.0 with my lg ls970. -is there any way to implement a manual focus? That would be awesome.
Using with CM11 nightly on AT&T GS3. Photos work fine, but videos are saved with blank thumbnail and video player says "Can't play this video".
So far, I only tried the sphere  and it is really glitchy attaching the images
I run Cyanogenmod 10.2.0 and I don't like the included camera app. I want to take "widescreen" photos, and it won't let me. Focal will though. The settings are easier to navigate, the shutter speed is way faster, and it seemed to run smoother overall, BUT, it crashed my phone and forced a reboot during every photosphere attempt, every self-facing picture attempt, and 60% of standard photos. To me, this is unusable. Uninstalled.
Could do with the option to use volume control to take pictures and the option to flip the front facing camera. On my Moto G the pictures taken with the front camera are upside down.
You guys need to allow individuals to maintain for different devices otherwise this will always have problems for some device
Doesnt take pictures or anything on Samsung Galaxy 2. I've seen amazing work done with this app on other phones so please fix this.
Just disable flash then try take a photo in the dark. Otherwise great.
Galaxy s3 running CyanogenMod. Front camera freezes and restarts the phone every time. Pictures are washed out. Photosphere is really cheesy and not working well. Good luck
Better zoom and options than the stock CyanogenMod camera.   Would be better if able to site pics directly to SD card and mute shutter sound.  Very nice zoom now on my S3. I plan on keeping this app around for a while to see what happens.
I love it on my N4.  and it works great. It has issues on the N10.  The app does not  seem to auto rotate  the display so almost impossible to use. It does take the photos correctly though. Update 12/10/13.  The app now auto rotates on my N4.  It would be nice to be able to swipe to the gallery.
No photosphere, no 4k recording, it just feels like it's not fully in par with a stock Samsung or HTC camera software but it's really good!
Doesn't take pictures
Off center view with gray space on my Moto X. Takes 30 seconds to start up. Does not recognize my camera half the time.
The app is too good. There are lot of good features.
Downloaded solely for the PhotoSphere functionality that is not present on the stock S4.  Previously it would not render a full sphere properly, this version just crashes when I choose the PhotoSphere.
Samsung GT-I9300, cyanogenmod 10.2.x -- app is very slow and will crash quite often. It takes for ever to save photos and sometimes will save a blank screen. I guess its not compatible with S3.
I have tried many camera apps over the years.  A lot of them are adequate.  Some are crap.  Very few are add great as this one.  Focal has all the features you want with a slick, intuitive interface.
It seems auto focus in video recording is slow......
Better pics than stock KK camera, when enhancement is turned on, gives black picture. But this might be related to rom.
Force closes every single time I try to take a picture.
Using the s4  Takes poor video quality   Photosphere force closes  Other than that it's great
It is slightly slow to load or return to the camera after using the menu. It doesn't seem like the exposure ring works: taking 2 pics with the ring at different places - shadow and highlight areas - yields the same picture with no exposure difference. I think it might not be supported on the S4, but then surely it should not be available as an option for me? The controls aren't at your finger tips which means scrolling through menus a bit before you can change anything.
No problems. UI is simple. What else is there?
Works great on my S4, can finally take full advantage of the 13MP sensor and get crystal clear images.
Never blurry dominates stock camera software
Great picture quality and many more options than the stock app, but you may have to put up with the occasional crash.
HDR never stitches the pictures as well as taking forever to actually snap them(2-3s(!) between each pic). Also all of them have the same exposure making it useless. Sphere finder is constantly rotating by itself, not showing progress of snapped pictures nor stitching them together but fills the gallery with them afterwards. Pointless since I couldn't see what I was shooting on the screen. For now ONLY works for regular pics, with sub-par quality. On the upside I like that you can pin stuff. S3-CM10.2stable
App options are not aligned properly . pls fix it
Its cool, useful and best part it is open sourced ...way to go mr.lesniak :)
I got it installed without problem. On 1st launch, it only displays a black screen with the normal control button on the side. I'm running KitKat 4.4.2 on a i9505 (non Google edition)
The best camera app! I like it couse very fast focus.  I have one problem,  when recording a video, my screan turn off after 30 sec  I can fix that on debugging mode but it will be nice to fix that.
But doesn't work on all android phones
This works great on my phone, but on my tablet, the orientation is off, and it thinks I'm taking a picture sideways. When I rotate the tablet to correct for this, it just turns things sideways again. TF700T.
i really loved this camera but there shuold be a thing that i can shut down the sound when i am taking a photo. and there are some crashes and i cant zoom in or out in video waiting for updates!!!!! i know this camera can be great!!!!
Using it on unofficial miui v5
Now let's get the kinks out! Hate the stock Motorola app on the Maxx running JB. CameraZoom is too clunky. Finding the following bugs: - front cam produces upside-down pix - panorama setting produces 90 rotated frames that crash Gallery - white balance and effects tend to clash w/each other. Eventually leading to 0-byte photos
CM
If only it worked... But 4 stars for continuing this project
Needs more work less clutter.
The front cam on my Moto X takes upside down pictures,  frustrating.
Nice feature set. I have a moto x and in some affects it locks up the camera. Also odd Grey bar on right side.  If not for those issues I would give it full stars. Love the interface!
But I cannot save photos to sd card with it? AF is impossibly slow. sgs2 with omnirom 4.4.1 here
crash every time after the last update, went back to the older version.
First time I'm using it, it's looks like an awesome and the best camera apps I ever used, I'm really lovin it. So many tools, easy to used, until I found some bugs, and many tools doesn't work ; 1. Flash on = focal will closed 2. ISO = doesn't work 3. Color adjust = doesn't work Etc...   I know this is Beta version, so i decided to waiting the next update version, for now,  I just wanna give 2 stars,  real point right now just 1,7.
I'm using stock Android 4.4 on a moto x and the photo sphere makes my phone get super hot. Not even riptide 2 compares. Also, there is a get bar on the right side of the screen most of the time. A lot of the effects don't work too.... Oh! And 90% of the time it says "unable to connect to camera" <-- that's the biggest issue. . . . . . .I still really like what you guys are doing though! I hope stock KitKat gets some love soon :)
Focal offers a lot of control, and is showing lots of promise! Having so much control can make it a little unwieldy on a phone. A couple of controls are not working on my HTC One, but otherwise, nice camera.
It is great and all on nexus 5 but can't take pics so what's the point of having it
Is there any chance you can force the screen to stay on during video recording? I seem to lose my video files when the back light times out.
The camera app is quite good and has a good UI, however it does take quite a while to render photosphere and panoramic pictures. There should also be a setting for choosing resolution as I am using Xperia Z, which has a 13 MP camera.
Tasted in KitKat, but it have some bugs, sometimes the flash don't work and the effects stop working, often do not take the photo and the auto focus is slow, please fix that! Because I love this app.
A lot of customization seems possible, which is good. Doesn't completely help crummy hardware, because my Razr M just seems to have slow camera hardware. One thing that might cause me to uninstall is that I don't see how to change the storage location for pics from the internal memory to the SD card?? That's close to a dealbreaker ...
Nothing great.  Ui is bad and the design is not intuitive . spherical panorama doesn't work on note 3
This app is really good on my Galaxy S4 nut it needs to have the ability to save photos and videos to the SD card.
Working great on my htc one and moto g. Brilliant camera, much better than stock Google camera. Keep up the great work.
Would rate 5 if you could set SD as the storage location
Easy UI
Just tried it on my SGS3 T-Mobile with CM 10.2 and gotta say nice app it got a lot of nice thinga but it was buggy, had to open it 3 times to see the settings and when i took a picture on the gallery was shown a grey picture! But hey keep working on it, it's gonna be huge.
Focus doesn't work at all...no hdr mode...S4 user..good UI
Doesn't work with Nexus 5
This app has come a long way from crashing my (VZW) GSIII.  It's still has its quirks, however.  When taking a portrait picture, they are all turning up in landscape (and vice versa) in the Google+ "Photos" app.  I want to use Focal as my main photo app, but I don't think I could stand having to rotate all my photos.    However, the UI is so much better than the stock (vanilla- running CM10.2) android one, I wish Google would buy it or take cues from this dev.
Full functioning, is an amazing application, 5stars for creating this with nice features and a easy to use user interface
Its a beta so can't be too hard on it. But it has a lot of focusing issues on my HTC One. Menu needs some work. And quality of photos it produces aren't quite up to par. Also noticed no option to save GPS location in photos.
was perfect 4 months but last update is making S3 freeze n camera just won't focus
And then stop everyone's UIs from looking silly on phone screens with altered DPIs.
Picsphere not working properly, lag, etc..
Force closes when taking a picture.
Works better than stock camera on AOKP 4.2.2. Sweet.  Auto enhance doesn't work, it takes a picture and becomes black screen.
This app keeps crashing when I choose the pic sphere option on my Galaxy S4
Works great with the nexus 5, auto focus is so much faster than the stock camera app, on my asus transformer prime its doesn't work as great, everything is displayed sidewayseven the photos that are just taken, HDR doesn't combine the photos yet, app is improving and has so much potential.
I try it out in cyanogenmod an I u love it now I can have it on my two phones keep up they the good work  and thanks for the app  Sorry my bad English
Looks like it would be great but it does not work on this phone.
Great app
Good but picsphere doesn't work.when ever I take a picture it won't work.
When i first tried this, it was a definite improvement on my stock camera. I accidentally took my first great pic in total darkness! I understand it's a beta, but, the pictures are not always in focus... and the lighting isn't always the best. And...yes... it could be me not using the settings properly to make the adjustments. But...accidentally deleting "good" pics by incorrectly swiping in the wrong direction in the UI is disheartening. If nothing else, please consider a recovery option for such mistakes!
Crashes on lock screen. Pictosphere takes forever and won't stop the camera when progressing. Too many menu try to appear on swipe too easily.
I know it says in the description that it's in BETA but it's not working at all. They should wait until they have a slightly stable version before releaseing it. I have a Galaxy S4 which is no low end phone so it's definitely not the phone.
Saves blank pics to gallery.
It's in beta so it will crash, but it's a great start.
Android 4.3.1 on cm10.2 - camera works pretty good for photos. I tested most of the functions and they seem smooth and flawless. The app crashes when I switch to video mode. Can't wait for this to get out of beta, it will likely be my camera of choice once it's stable.
Needs a working photosphere mode & the picture previews need to not be pixelated, other than that I'd replace my stock camera app with this
Slow and Glitchy.  Panorama mode isn't good at all. Not as clear as stock phone.  Too slow.
No hold shutter to focus Pic sphere not working No undo button after delete
Flash still goes off after disabling on the N4. Pls fix, thanks!
Firstly shutter sound sucks. Secondly, checking a photo once taken is easy , but confusing. You can scroll the pic left right top bottom. I mean, it is confusing. Checked photos taken with stock 4.4.2 camera on my nexus 5 and this one and could barely see a difference in quality. Having said all that, the options that this app gives to the user is truly appreciated. Being a beta version, this app can go miles !
Still doesn't work on Nexus 5.  Installs and opens okay, but when one tries to take a picture gets a "cannot take picture" error.
Even though developer says this app is Beta, it's working well for me on Galaxy S3. Original camera was never in focus, but this app has good focus. I like it.
Definite improvements over the last time I had this installed. PicSphere still causes crashes at this point, but overall stability is much better, as is the antishake feature.
It's working after the developer updates the app (don't know exactly when). It's almost functional eventhough it's crashes a lot. For example the PicSphere. But I definitely can see potential from this. Keep up the good work :)
Really liked the app, but it stopped working on Xperia Z.
Lot's  of functions. Great work. Happy to donate for such good work.
Get an empty (black) viewfinder on my galaxy reverb :( Android 4.1.2 Stock rooted All other cam apps on the play store work just fine
Works great
4.1.2 Black screen with red focal reticule. I would really like to use this camera app because I used it on my HTC One S with CM 10.2 until my digitizer went bad. Please fix the bug and I'm giving 5 stars because I know you guys will fix it.
When my phone is in portrait view it is actually in landscape and front view is fine
Glitches up on Picsphere., Understandable since it's still in beta
Keep up the good work, I'm on a nexus 5 and it seems to work well so far, thanks a lot!!.!
The app can't take pictures on stock KitKat 4.4.1
HTC one s cyanogenmod Bugs: Pressing the sidebar widgets makes them "stick" selected (stay highlighted in blue even though the widgets panel is closed), which looks sloppy and annoying.  The photo review panel (top) slides awkwardly and takes a few swipes sometimes to get it to do what you want it to do.  The sidebar should be disabled while in the photo review panel, you shouldn't be able to slide it out, it looks sloppy and its useless.  Macro mode? Does it do this automatically by detecting the focus?
Have a rooted Nexus 7 2013 with Pie controls and the slide to access different modes didn't go well with that, other than that pretty cool
Pic sphere just saves the photos individually.
Nexus 4 Love this app, im getting much better results with the camera than I had with the standard camera app which has focusing issues. But I have a problem which I cant see mentioned anywhere else where all my pics get a modified time of 1/1/1970, meaning they are always at the bottom of my photo lists. The created time and the filename is correct, but the modified time is always wrong. As a feature request, id like to be able to define the naming convention. Keep it up, fix the time issue and ill happily pay for it.
Thanks mate for your hard work
I like the simplicity and extra exposure point. Thanks and looking forward to the final version.
It's imposible to make this app working.  I wrote dev but I got no answer.  What he did was,  before when the app froze or force closed I could send reports. After the last update,  the app close and I can't even send reports. Since my last report passed like two months and all this time nothing was fixed.  Uninstalling,  stock so does the same things and even better.  All I wanted was picsphere which isn't working.
But you can accidentally delete your photos with it due to poor UI design.
This app is clearly still beta and as such will have bugs so no complaints hence the 5 star rating. Love what your trying to do and I hope you get it right... I'll be buying the donate version any minute to help support development. Thank you! Also if you need a D2VZW tester shoot me an email :)
Sometimes "unable to take photos" error pops up for no reason. Sometimes this app even crashes my camera. Camera won't with again until a reboot
This is an excellent app.. thr r a few visual bugs though.. Scrolling in the left menu isnt perfect. And a tab for focus settings is very imp.. a touch focus feature should give this app an excellent addon. And video mode fc's a lot on my mb526- rooted to 4.1.2
Is there any chance of adding high speed recording? I know many phones are capable of 120fps but I have yet to find am app that does that...
A bit buggy when getting back to photo mode from video mode. The screen freezed.
Deletes photos out of your gallery without any warning or explanation.
Would be good to be available save on external SD card and if pictures fit the screen
The best app so far, have some issues but understandable (since it's a beta) Two major issue I run into: 1) strange aspect ratio while switching between front/back camera. Will recover really soon but I hate it. 2) pull-down gallery preview has a very poor image quality (like jpeg with lowest quality), which makes it nearly no use. Oh, by the way, is it possible to manual focus? (like a webcam, I don't mean manual set auto-focus point) Since I see no camera app can do that but I really want it.
And this focal app ;-)
Finally doesn't crash on taking picture. Thank you! Lovely little app much neater than the stock app IMHO. Try it and see what you think
I love the bigger icons and especially the description on each icon, but every menu has a scroll bar, and that just isn't a nice experience. It slows down usage of the camera if you want to change something on the fly. I also want the full 4:3 viewfinder, not the cropped one.
The camera app has orientation issues cannot take photos on my tablet (Samsung galaxy note 10.1)
The app being still in beta looks promising. When this finally exit beta I'll definitely give it a five. Kudos developers.
But just to let the developers know.. The hdr function in galaxy s3 causes multiple pics to be taken endlessly after clicking the shoot button once.. Have to press back to stop it.  And taking a pic with flash doesn't work
It mostly works nice but the feature that I want the most picsphere is broken, when I go on it the dots just spin around as if I'm spinning around in a circle :(
Every time I click q picture it opens up the quick gallery view and I can't see the object clearly fire next shot.
On stock camera app, videos appear to "breathe" because it's constantly focusing. Doesn't do that with this app. One video bug I've found is that it doesn't record in portrait, only in landscape.
Used to work great when  bundled into cm 10.2. Now I installed it onto the latest cm 10.2 snapshot and it does not work.  It does not connect to the camera. Good luck to the developer in fixing all the bugs.
Quickly fixed to work with nexus 5!
I'm running an ATT GS4 with CM 10.2. This app used to crash whenever taking a picture, but that was fixed in the latest update. Now, whenever taking a picture, it saves a blank image file onto the phone. This looks like such a great app, and I look forward to more updates!
I really appreciate all the effort to put together this awesome looking camera. But aspect ratio is messed up for my s4. Also picsphere crashes every time.  Please fix it.
I really like this app especially the photosphere but it still needs a lot of optimization..
Works great again on my GS4 at&t CM10.1!
Doesn't work on skyrocket cm10.1
When using Galaxy s4 with  picsphere crashes everytime, Jellybean 4.3
New update now takes pics on N5. This is the first camera app which I've seen take nearly instant shots on the N5. Great.
How to save pictures to sd  card
Checked back after the last update and it still rotates my photos taken in portrait mode by 90 deg ccw on my nexus 4 (4.4)
Add NV its possible on certain handset's cmos
Big improvement since last time I downloaded.   Auto focus is to slow. Needs to be adjusted or you could end up missing your shot.   In good lighting picture quality was very close so stock camera. That's saying a lot. Even better than ASOP camera.  Didn't find tune settings expect auto settings to work/camera out of the box
Worth a go
It works on my Sony Xperia Z Ultra running Cyanogenmod 10.2 RC. Pretty sweet too, cause I've been waiting to use this since it came out.
Freezes up a lot on my GS3 running CM 10.2 stable. Love the potential, though. Will definitely keep an eye on this.
Cool but I don't use it normally because of no external storage option. Please add one?
HDR just take 3 photos
Autofocus doesn't work on nexus 4,other than that,everything works good.Fix autofocus and I'll give you 5 stars
I've tried Focal on a Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy S III, and Galaxy Note III.  It's locked up on all three.  Maybe it doesn't play well with Samsung devices?!?!?
Even better than stock camera.
The futuristic theme is just awesome, can be a replacement of stock camera app with few more improvements. Considering beta version I can't wait. about proper release
The app Google should be looking at for function improvement to the native camera.  Adds a lot of features without cluttering or shrinking your view like many other photo apps.
I have been testing this before it hit the playstore. Beta apps should be rated based on their progress and promise, this is simply going to be the best camera on android if bad comments don't demotivate the people/guy who make this for free.
The exposure ring doesn't work correctly , please fix it for Nexus 5
Nexus5 "unable to connect to camera"
I get just a black screen.
Just installed but already enjoying some cool stuff not in the stock app (GS4). Thank you! I'll be back to update this review after spending some time with Focus. Great work!
The main feature I need is pause and resume while recording. App working fine except some bugs.
It doesn't work properly with the   google photo app
Can you add pause to video recording? That would be awesome :)
But works much better so far. But I can't find where the high fps video is. That's what I'm really interested in.
Working now on nexus 5! Haven't tryed out everything yet but looks better now
Focal has started getting better with time, both in performance and features... So has my review! Would really love to rate it 5 stars the day the app performs to its full potential.
Beta or not, when after an update,, it won't even launch of in 4.3,on a Samsung? Crap   Also dumb, I have to give 1 star
Auto focus for the N4 is completely conked in the latest version. UI seems good but it can be better. How about an option to turn off the shutter sound? Will improve rating once the issues are fixed. Good job!
Nexus 4.  Flash has stopped working again when taking picture whatever the settings.  Also preview is much darker than with stock camera
Good overall
It maybe early still, but development won't stop on this one.
HDR mode gives me 3 images with no way to compile them. I must be missing something.  Disable shutter sound?  Auto Enhance not working.
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't.  Strange...  Nexus 5
Changed my 1 star to 5. It's finally working on my Galaxy S4 and it's amazing. It's easily the fastest camera available on android!
I'd love to be able to focus manually, like on a DSLR if that is possible. On my nexus 4 the camera always uses flash when taking a picture even if the flash is set to off.
Not working yet :( . unable connect to camera.
I want Fibonacci spiral rule as well as other composition guides. It crashes with Picsphere
Picsphere doesn't work properly on Note 2.
It's not my daily driver yet...   - No GPS tagging  -When taking pictures in landscape and I swipe to view it always shows in portrait, why?
Working much better on the Nexus 5 now
The first time I tried it, it was lagging and force closing. Then After a manual restart it worked pretty well. Hope to see improvements and features in the future. Like your idea of an one for all device app. Keep up the good work.   Good luck.
FC on first start, orientation mixed up, aspect ratio wrong, settings hard to use and too small.  some updates later, still all of the above applies
Its Beta I know; keep getting random force closed.  First install wouldn't even open, reinstall and can get in, but hangs on everything and then FC.  Looks great, hope it can get working. SCH-i535 (vzw SGS3) with LiquidSmooth v2.37 android 4.3
Muy buena app, aunque para mi gusto solo falta la opcion de poder guardar en la tarjeta SD y poder configurar el ISO, aunque algunas veces esta configuracion con las camaras del telefono es inutil, buen trabajo y sigan mejorandola por favor.
Worked great on my Moto X until KitKat now the features don't even work with it.  Please fix :/
Best camera app for S3. Works perfectly on S3 but not so good on Note 3. It crashes when I try to take a picture
Crashed on galaxy note 3
The app crashes the moment I click a photo after the last update. Before that after clicking the pic it used to warp the preview/viewfinder .
Had this app for a month on my galaxy note2 it worked great with a few bugs now and then. Upgraded to note3 and it crashes every time I try to take a pic.
Recorded a video in app and now it won't play. Otherwise great image quality and easy app to use
Hope to see a fix soon. Cheers
After the October update the app is broken. You can't take a picture any more because the app crashes when you try to take one. Fix this!
Cool app but way too slow on older phones
Hi I know i9000 is not a brand new device but anyway: 1) the app is hell slow 2) all the graphic is terribly sized 3) more issues with ui :-) Hope u will fix this some day. Until that I cant give you 5*. Ok i tried it on my i9505 also and ... No development, unstable etc ... You should stay with cm ... You both need each other
HDR function just takes 3 photos... Doesn't compile them... Great list of features, but interface is a bit clunky. Needs a few gesture based US options like swiping away sub menus.
Great app! I can finally override my HTC Ones overzealous ISO settings that turn each picture into a noisy mess. The image preview is a tad laggy though, the actual framerate is low, its not a latency problem.
Works cool, beta so obviously not perfect but can't wait to see how it comes out when its stable!! Great work!! Thanks!!
After taking 5 pictures with it it stoped working. Everytime I want to take a picture it says "unable to take picture" why? I tryed uninstalling it and rebooting the phone but still wont work. Nexus 5
Unusable for me :-/
Hangs when picture is taken while recording. Need to restart my phone otherwise I am not able to access camera app. Note 2 Liquid smooth 4.3.1
Buggy & bad interface
VZW Galaxy S4 can't do anything but open the app. Try to take a pic or anything at all, and it just crashes.
This thing does not work. Open 3 times, crash 3 times.
I know this is a beta, but the app crashes every single time I try to take a picture. I'll reinstall it when it's no longer a beta and try it then.
3 stars for now. I installed to get photosphere but quiet disappointed. Hope for more update to come. Htc one sv and samsung P6200
Whenever i take a picture on samsung note 3 it force closes.  Is this only me or some other too facing it too.  Same force close issue happens on  my wife.s sony z1 also..  Pls help. N i wil change 1 star to 5
Did not work on galaxy s4 gti9500
Cant record video. Make apps unresponse.
Your all retarded its in beta
the app does not work on my S4 I9500UBUEMJ8.  when I take a picture the app made FC o freezes.  sorry for my previous rating. I have tried before with Cyanogen Rom and the app is really excellent. Just made my donation, good luck.
Force closes when taking a picture.
The app keeps crashing and states that it cant find the camera. Cant mak any photos anymore..
Amazing features and smart user interface. What an experience. 5stars for attention to details and simplicity.
Still early days, force close every time I take a PIC on a HTC one m7, hopefully an update fixes it
Crashes on nexus 10 when I try to take picture
Plz improve photo picsphere stitching. .. It's very odd and improper. .	Plz
Everything seems to work great except that it will not work on the lock screen. Running on nexus 4, Jelly Bean and kit kat.
I understand that focal is in beta...but its been beta for how long now? I'm glad this isn't featured in cyanogenmod as the developers for this app (xplodwid etc) don't seem upto it.
I know that this is a beta app but it is only static on my Samsung galaxy grand
If I take a photo with the flash it bricks my phone! I can't even soft reset it, the battery needs to be taken out to get the phone to boot again
Not working with nexus 5. When I try to take a picture, it says "cannot take picture"  gave it 3 stars because I have used this camera before with my S3 running CM10.2
Crashed when i took photos
It looks a great camera app but just crashes every time I press the shutter button
Running Cyanogen Mod 10.1.3  App starts but says it cannot take a picture.
It doesn't accurately show image taken (the surrounding will be included in the photo taken). It hangs when I use Night mode
Force closes as soon as I open the app. Doesn't work on 4.3 Virgin ROM or Wicked Rom. Strange thing is the original Focal from Cyanogenmod works fine.
But on my note 2, panoramic images are reallllllly noisy; and the full streetview like mode takes so long to process the videos. I left it on OVERNIGHT, and it still wasn't done!
As soon as I take a photo  So it doesn't take any photo No low rate as I am waiting for a fix Htc one gpe stock
I was fed up using the CM 10.2  app and this looked good,  overall I have had no crashes but would like to see panorama and slow motion,  good job!
- shutter lag for S4 - PicSphere crashes and not able to enter this mode - lags when changing mode - slow animation
Please fix the slow motion on this app I have gs3 4.3 once fixed I'll rate 5 stars
Nice programme
I loved this on my Nexus 4, but it won't work on the Nexus 5...please show this device some love because the stock camera sucks!
Using CM10.2 and the preview is distorted like its squashed. Other than that its good
Crash after crash. Uninstall very fast!
Unfortunately crashed every time I started to take a photo.
It has nice features like PicSphere! :D However sometimes it also crashes :( Because it is still in beta (so acceptable).
This is the best Camera Apps I have ever seen. It's need to plenty of improvement.
Well it can take pictures in  panorama mode, render it fine, but when i try to open it on galllery, the gallery always quit. I'm on CM 10.1.3 stable.
The app opens fines until you try to take a few shots... the app fades and force closes itself on the galaxy s4 gti9500
Great App
No crashes.  Everything seems to work fine except for one.. It doesn't save pictures!  Uninstalling.
Will not allow you to take photos at all.
Photosphere doesnt seem to do anything except jumble the images but the rest of the features are 5 stars good for a free app
Its easy to use and good looking. I just had a bit of trouble with the photo review area. Its really fun to do PicSpheres though. Thanks Dev...
Still needs tweaks before I let it replace my default camera. Option to disable shutter sound would be nice, and option to select where pictures are saved instead of defaulting to internal memory.
Menus work fine.  Soon as I take a picture it crashes though.
Doesn't work on the LG G2 stock and custom rom. Both times after taking a picture the app force closes.
Force close on stock gs4. :( used to be good. ..
Force closes when taking a picture with CM11. Sad Panda
My pictures are coming out sideways almost every time just wanted to report
Very good  Crashes on note 3
Worked well on cyanogenmod,   unfortunately it's not working on my international S4. Will keep checking back.
So this app feels good with some good features like 360 sphere , etc. But it force closes a couple of time on my  Samsung Galaxy S Advance I9070. Photo sphere is buggy and laggy but it could be the unofficial CyanogenMod 10.2 ROM I'm using or the app itself. But after all it is a beta app so there's still room for improvements :)
Too buggy.
Freezez and crashes every time I try to take a pic. Using note 3
I love this application since the last update it works perfectly on my device
FC's on a stock GE HTC One. It used to work on a nearly identical build on my Nexus 4, but no longer. Ah well.
UI is great but force closes when shutter is pressed. Photo is not saved before force closing
I wish the viewfinder just used the  native aspect ratio of the camera instead of copying googles awful stock camera. I've also had problems where in photo and video's viewfinder getting stretched weird though the pictures turn out okay. Looking forward to more updated especially on that viewfinder
Just crashes on DROID DNA when taking photo.
Great app, better than the stock one haven't found any issues with it even knowing it's beta. It's simple and easy to use and gives you more control keep making awesome apps.!
Promising interface. Shame that it cannot take pictures. It seems to offer much more than the stock app like burst mode... Hope that it will support KitKat soon!
The preview freezes when I try to take a video.
This is the smoothest and friendliest camera app i've used so far. Photosphere takes A LOT of time to process though, put i don't mind it, since it's still beta.
Every time I take a picture it crashes on the s4 please fix and I'll give 5 starts amazing app
Force closes on the LG g2
EDIT: even after up date still won't work on Hercules running CM    The UI is amazing everything about it seems so Much better than my stock app just can't take pics yet
Doesn't work on my Galaxy S2x. App launches but cannot connect to camera. Eventually freezes forcing me to hard reboot.
The stock cm cam couldn't Co ordinate the flash and the shutter so the flash was useless. This works perfectly. However I couldn't find the save to SD card/phone memory option.
Greetings, Just tried this out on CM10.2-Spyder (I believe Milestone 1).  It took a picture, but when I double-tapped on the screen, it locked up.  After I killed it and restarted, it reported it could not connect to the camera.  The stock camera app also could not connect to the camera.  I had to reboot to clear it.
One can directly measure a developer's ego by how long a piece of code stays in beta/alpha. It is now obvious that this application will be a hit and miss at it's best as it is still unstable and unreliable. No point in trying to send problem reports as there will be a typical elitist comment although the app is clearly buggy. Charging USD 4.00 for beta software is just insane!
On my Xperia l over the top of the screen some data is missing like if "processing" it's only "ssing" please fix
There is no picsphere or HDR mode that works anyway. Otherwise okay. Picture quality is had but that's not the apps fault.
I know its a tablet but I what to take good pictures with my Nexus 7 but the thing is I can't take the picture because it does not let me do it.
No bad things to say except... Adding it as a replacement for the lock screen camera doesn't really work, always forces me to unlock. Fixing this would make this a five-starrer!
Worked wonders for me :-) Fast, smooth & efficient . What more you desire from a camera :-P
It was awesome and working fine but now photos don't even load which is captured using focal and an error mark is shown plzzzzz fix it I'm using Xperia L
Preview stucks when I try to record a video
But it crashes when trying to take a photo on my S4 Google Play edition.
Well the app itself looks great. No doubts. But I feel it can be improved at places.   The tutorial is not very explanatory. One needs to explore the app a lot.  The photo viewer accessible by top edge swipe down, needs to have an undo option like the stock gallery app. I ended up deleting 3 important photos. Luckily auto backed up.  The setting menus when opened don't have too aesthetic a look.
Like the layout and access to adjusting features fast.  The performance is slow and clashed twice in the first minutes of use.  Lacking best photo mode.
Camera 360..is way more better
When attempting to take pictures,  it crashes
It wont take a picture. I even got a message saying can't take picture. The shutter button is a little off screen and too small. In other modes it's uncentered.  It doesn't seem to focus very well either. I have high hopes for this app. Please fix the issue about not being able to take a picture at all.
I like the layout and the functonality of it. The only problem, which is a big one for me, is that it doesn't work well when rotated which means I can't use it properly on my transformer.
I tried it out hoping for an alternative PhotoSphere camera. Didn't ever work for me. Started with black screen, finally got an image, but no buttons. When I removed it my phone rebooted. Looking forward to trying it out again in the future though!
Excellent
App works on my nexus 7 but not on new nexus 5 hope this gets fixed quickly.
It keeps crashing when taking even normal photos.
The app has pretty cool features, but crashes sometimes when changing settings
Panorama is stretched and tilted to 90. Picsphere doesn't shows rendered images. It also doesn't shows what the camera is going to capture after the first shot.  Captures are a bit laggy
Does not work with my galaxy s4 . rooted and running CM10.2 *latest nightly* T-Mobile variant. :'/ does not take video or picture crashes and have to reset phone to try again.
Please allow us to store pictures to external sd. Also doesn't work on nexus 5.
This is a nice app with a lot of features and functionality. One issue I am having is that it doesn't always save the pictures - has happened to me many times.
i love xplodwild he is awesome... and even the app is bad(which is not at all) i would still rate it high.. it is awesome.. love you xplodwild
Says unable to take picture. Probably has to do with kitkat
The update has made taking pictures more reliable. EDIT: apparently not add reliable as I thought. Had it continually crash on me and save only 25% of the pictures I took in succession. Will likely just wait until this app leaves Beta or at least a couple more updates. The app is a little slow to open compared to the stock camera app and I can't seem to get my pictures to save to my SD card.
Great work so far on my nexus 5 it won't actually take pictures.  But otherwise it is great.  It you need a tester for nexus 5 let me know.
Used to be fine! Now when I try to make a Sphere, the first image is locked and I can't line up the dots.
I love it . But when i capture the picture on my samsung galaxy s4 it closes automaticly. Fix it and i will donate. Please fix this issue.
Won't detect the camera in android kitkat
As it is, I don't have much use for this app,  getting too many FCs, hope these will be fixed in next version.
Good
Works ok for still images, but it froze when I tried to shoot Video.  Samsung S3 running Cyanogenmod android 4.3.1
Need an autofocus in the video mode :)
make a lot of troubles in my phone.
I love the clean look of the ap and used to wokbreally good  but tried using it 3 times recently and all 3 time force closed, understandable that its still a beta but seems like it shouldn't be closing that much.
Repeatedly crashed my s4
Looks promising, but does not work on Hercules running CM 10.2 Nightly.
Lots of features in a free camera app. My first experience with it is when it came preloaded on a custom ROM. The orientation is wrong on my Asus tf300 though. Couldn't find any orientation option. Too bad. Was hoping to use it for the PicSphere mode.
Has more features than the default KitKat app.
please fix lg g2
Missing from this camera that are in the default cyanogen camera: power button shutter, and the ability to store pictures on external SD card. :-(
If you could get it to have a slow motion feature like stock Samsung note ii camera I'll go to 5 stars.
Update....on Nexus 5 in video there's a grey vertical bar on right side.  The camera doesn't snap a picture.  I'm on Nexus 4....I have only just now learned to make Photosphere pictures and am trying Picsphere here.....been waiting nearly ten minutes and rendering only at 55%
Functions seem to work fine, but cannot get it to actually take a picture. Nice app otherwise.
Working. Thanks XplodWild :D
But it doesn't work on SG2 i9100. Can't line up photos and moves camera all by its self.
If I take pic message pop up camera stop working
Great but video not woking for me.
Galaxy s4 with 4.3
Doesn't work on HTC One. Tried with stock rom, custom rom - still force closes ...
Lots of features that can be pretty overwhelming. My main gripe is that on the Nexus 4, the front facing camera, the image is distorted. You look shorter and wider in the viewfinder. The stock and other camera apps don't do this.  Also don't like the swipe down to view pics but that's just my preference. Overall it's a great and fast camera app with gobs of features/
On note 3 .. have it fixed should be good
Not sure if it's 4.4 or ART... App opens but won't take a photo.
100 Thousand times better than the stock camera app.. Loved it.
Used to be great. Now it force closes with any attempt to take a photo
The camera works great ton of feature better then default. However there are a lot of bugs in other camera features on Nexus 4  panorama  is flipped sideways. videos are flipped in gallery.  Pic spheres do not render into spheres but into sperate images. Its still in beta so thing like that are expected hopefully future updates will work better  Update: The panoramas and videos views are now oriented the right way. However the video view now has a grey bar on the right side, the pic spheres still open right
I've used a lot of camera apps and this blows them all away. The only reason I'm giving 4 starts is when I upload a photo to Facebook its always sideways. I can rotate it on Facebook. I'm not sure if their is a setting I'm over looking or something the dev needs to address. Once this is fixed its 5 starts from me and I'll purchase the donate version.
Not exactly thrilled with the stock Nexus 5 camera experience, I'm looking at third parties. Sadly this promising app doesn't wast to take a photo.
I like the app, great settings, needs work on nexus 5 though.
Great
Sadly this isn't working on the Nexus 5 yet. Miss this great camera app. Hopefully gets supported soon. Thanks for your hard work..
Once this app is done in my opinion it will be the best camera app in the play store and better than Google's stock camera. Good job team BBQ!
Great app but a little buggy. The features allow me to overlook spontaneous app crashes. But if you set it to the default camera app, you have to unlock your phone to use it compared to googles default where you can swipe over on the lockscreen. Regardless, fantastic application.
Camera image is very dark and gives an error about unable to capture when you try to take a picture.
Xperia z front camera is slightly off centre, resulting in grey bar. Also I can't actually take a photo. This is the best I can do as far as a bug report gos hope it helps (cm10.2)
Crush, Crush, Crush..... HTC One.
Feature-wise and ux-wise great, but a few bugs still remaining preventing general usage...
Keeps crashing after I take a picture (which doesn't get saved BTW). I so want this app to work properly!
Can't shoot photos on nexus 5 I know this is beta and I have android 4.4 so I'll give it 3 stars
Doesn't work on Oppo find 5, please make it compatible!
constantly breaks down after taking a photo.
Landscape pics are still coming out upside down on my nexus 4
Awesome app, has a load of features but can lag quite a bit and when using the front facing camera, the image appears panned in and doesn't seem to show the whole picture.. Otherwise great! Galaxy s3
Big fan of Focal but needs to be updated for the Nexus 5 / Kit Kat. Will update my review once that happens! Keep up the good work!
Camera app doesn't support nexus 5!
It's a great app, better than my stock camera app interface, however it would be great to have an option to save it directly to the sd card or internal memory. Would be great to have the shutter speed control too =)  - sony xperia zr -
Great user interface Simple clean camera app for taking photos.
Smoother now though had some crashes. This is all good for a beta! Thank you developer
If you accidentally swipe down, you will delete a picture and then no way to undo it.....sir, you have to think it through first.
This was an awesome camera app before the update. Now it forces closed after taking a picture. Not happy. 
Had hoped they got this fixed. But, it still crashes when you hit the shutter button. Also looks warped and appears rotated.
This is a great app, the responsiveness of the shutter is fantastic. I have been using it with great satisfaction in the Nexus 4. However, it doesn't work in the Nexus 5. Let's hope in a quick update to fix that.
By far the best camera app around in terms of features (better than apps costing lots of $$).  Love the interface!   That said,  it is still a beta release,  and have had problems with app draining the battery (other reviews mention this as well).  When battery usage issue is addressed, it's a 5 star app!
No way to store pictures to the external sd? Womp.  Also crops the view on my Note 2 I can see everything the camera actually captures.
Stopped working on HTC One Google Play Editiob
Guys immediately you need to make new update all the problems done.I like the program, but can't use it,can't take pictures:-( than I will give 5 stars.
Please update for NEXUS 5
Doesn't seem to want to take pictures on the nexus 5 probably due to 4.4. Shame because this is so much better than the stock camera app.  I know that the devs will be working on this issue anyway so keep up the good work guys!
Does not save images, I just get a broken file symbol in gallery, S3 running latest CM M snapshot. Possibly something to do with the recent Google photo app?
On my Nexus 5 it will not take a photo. It launches fine and doesn't crash, but refuses to take a pic. Also the floating menus (flash settings) don't close after they have been opened.
I every time videos recorded automatically focal stoped and close...fix it
App force closes every time I take a photo.
Previously was working great but it currently crashes upon taking a pic on my s4 android 4.3.
Still crashes on my Galaxy S2 upon opening. Black screen with button. Cannot interact with interface. Looking forward to what comes down the pipes later.
Samsung s4 VZW 4.3.3 picsphere crashes the app...fix and it's 5 stars
Every time I touch the picture button to take a picture it always crashes.  PLEASE FIX
time passed and now doesn't even take one single photo! fix please
Won't focus and take picture on nexus 5 yet. Much prefer this app over the stock android app
Nexus 5 here. Hitting shutter just opens gallery. Hitting photo editor opens my Hangouts. Gtfo. Try again.
The app runs fine, but the ability to take photos is completely broken. Hoping for a fix soon, Nexus 5 really needs a better camera app.
Dark shots and unable to take pictures on Nexus 5 running KitKat. Please fix it so we don't have to use the sloppy stock app.
Working very well on my Acer liquid e2! Keep up the good work guys! ! :-)
Love this app but it FCs on my GNote 3 unrooted...
does anybody know why some people have this function "exposure ring" and I (with the sony Z1) do not.
Please update for KitKat.
Settings look plentiful and powerful but it crashes on my HTC One with 4.4.
ATT GS4 running CM 10.2 nightly, force closes if I try to take a picture.
This app deleted a photo of mine w no way to undo. That is truly unforgivable and I can't even convey how upset I am...
app keep crashing on samsung  s4 - i9500 (3g).
from the in app preview I've accidentally deleted pics couple of times. please add an undo button. except that great app.
Samsung GSII CM10.1 - Focal won't access the camera anymore. No errors, just no camera view, front or back. Just doesn't seem to be accessing the hardware.
Fantastic features,  but the very poor user interface kills it.   Deleting photos is dangerously easy,  with no warnings or undo.  Too many option panels open up on screen.  Video button is buried deep.  For a beta,  it's very glitchy.
The app looks beautiful. But it crashes on my LG G2
I love the layout but constantly force closes on the front camera view. Other than that, a good camera for being in beta.
Can't take pictures, please update.
Love the app but would prefer it to have the ability to save to SD card which up to now is missing.
It isn't working properly on HTC sensation XE with CyanogenMod 10.1
Please update the app for Nexus 5
They pic sphere function is a guaranteed crash for the app, it didn't use to cause the app to fail. The inconsistencies in the app make me fearful to try and capture pictures with it in its current state
HTC one: FC
Edit: now with the latest version it keeps a wakelock that destroys your battery.  Booo!!!  I lost a photo :(  Be careful previewing apparently...  Additionally, zooming out when already zoomed out doesn't work (FC)  Hiding the menus you bring up is hard to get to go away.
Give it a chance, see if it works for you. Pretty well broken on the Galaxy S4 presently but the interface and feature set look slick! Can't wait for it to be more stable!
crashes on Note 3 (9005), unable to take pics or photospheres. So, doesn't work at all, hope to see a fix soon.
The app has a nice feel to it, many features, but still has some issues to work out through the beta test. In my note 2, the app begins to lag on taking pics, then freezes after the picture is taken and never processes the image. This seems to happen after the first image is taken. This has the ability to be a great app, I plan to keep it and follow the progress of it.
Love the app, but it tends to crash if you take too many pictures in quick succession. Sort this and I'll re-rate.
Doesn't work well on note 2. Wouldn't recommend at all.
Great camera app, but it is completely unusable at the moment.
In my micromax canvas hd the pics are being stored in internal storage even though I have selected external sd card as default storage in android settings.
Oppo find 5 4.2.2
Hey developer..... Why did you not include framing options...  You should be able to shoot in 16x9 , 1x1 ect.
Great Aap i was used many camera app but this one its simple epic
Bad colour and white balancing. Too many gliches
I hope there will be a manual focus adjustment feature as well, then, it will be THE Camera App
The app force closes on my HTC One
Just installed on my LG G2 completely stock. FC right after taking a picture.
A very well made camera app. Though the shutter button and the widgets could be a little bigger in size.  The icon and buttons could be given better graphics and the swipe in menu could be made cleaner.
Wont work for Galaxy S2 Skyrocket,  screwed up my camera :(
Force closes on htc one with the last update
that it don't work on Xperia J.  Opening app normaly and just dont want to open back cam. Just opening front one. I hope that you will fix it soon  ^^  :thumbsup:
Still buggy.  Reboots with the Front Facing Camera and with Videos But,  it will get Better!
I am using this camera on a LG Options G. I have had issues with it freezing right after taking a pic and when reviewing.  I have to force close it to unfreeze it.  This makes it too unreliable to use.  I like the features and layout so I hope that issues will be resolved in the future so I can use it again.
Otherwise a great app, but the Shutter FC's. That is kinda the most important part of the app.
So yeah
I got a funny birthday card from my wife that includes - on the inside - a drawing of Homer Simpson in his underwear. While this camera app will take and store a photo of the front of the card, every picture I have taken of the inside of the card will not save to the camera roll on the phone. Other apps have no problem with photographing the inside of this card - I can only assume that the app filters "obscene" pictures for some reason?
The overall layout and general idea is great and gets 5 stars. BUT it doesn't work correctly on my HTC One X. For some strange reason the problem I had earlier fixed itself after I wrote it here... However, images are now cropped very strange. I take a photo and it is more than it was on the screen. (It's much more of the surrounding)
Looking forward to seeing this beta progress.  2 crashes so far, stopped responding while trying to display the new user hint while trying to take a picsphere (bug report sent), and then an FC after reaching 33% of rendering a picsphere.  I imagine when this app is in full swing it will be awesome.  Keep up the good work.
Looks good and I like what you are doing. That being said on a lg g2(Verizon) with CyanogenMod 10.2 the app crashes when you take a picture
I'm trying to run this on the Galaxy Note 3 and when I try and snap a photo, it freezes up and then crashes.    Looking at the GUI, I love the features offered up.  Can't wait for this to come out of beta.  Will go to 5 stars when they get it stable.
The overall options and settings are pretty good. However the view of the camera is off to the left on Moto X leaving the right side with a gray bar
The app is full featured and certainly better than the stock android one. Of course it has it's bugs and qwerks but it just needs time.
doesnt works force closes when trying to capture images....pleasr fix it
If you love apps that force close then you will love focal. Just another botched app courtesy of the cm team. They seem to be on a roll as of late turning everything they touch into trash.
But recently force close lags or freezes and wont move on my s4.
Nicely styled app, with a sleek interface, but has some bugs to work out.	This app is very stylish, but when I try to take a photo, the screen freezes for 5 seconds and then goes black for 6 seconds. This is on an S4. There are how ever no other problems to report.
Focal has some very nice features but all the bugs and crashes render it useless. Panorama feature is broken and the app crashes every time the video mode is switched on. This app has good potential if the issues are addressed. With so many good camera apps coming up, can't wait for ever for these bus to get fixed.
It freezes and closes app whenever I take a photo ._.
I have my flash set to disabled. But it still keeps coming on. Otherwise it's a fantastic camera app
Unfortunetely,Focal has stopped Happened when shutter pressed
Good APP but the screen is not centered and please fix picspere.  Device information:  Device: Galaxy s+ (i9001) Custom firmware: Ehndroix IV with cyanogenmod 10.1 Android version: 4.3.1  I hope this is enough information. Please fix it.
Every time you take a picture the app force closes so it's useless until there is a fix
When I click to take a picture, it crashes.
No response from dev. Disappointed.
Just dont work on rooted or unrooted HTC one poor camera apps there are much better available just don't bother design it
Panorama and picsphere are extremely broken. The normal cam is not as nice as the stock aosp one. This is more alpha than beta.
As others have said, since the last update the app now fc whenever the shutter is pressed making the app nigh on useless. I'm leaving the rating at 2 stars as i know the potential is there, but cannot rate any higher on an app THAT DOES NOT WORK
The app is beautiful and creating videos is very easy and intuitive. However, the main reason I got this app was to replace the stock camera app on my note 3 but whenever I click the shutter, the app force closes, making it almost useless for me...
Sprint GS3 CM 10.1.3.  Taking a pic with the FFC causes an instant reboot...the aspect ratio is also wrong using the FFC.
I love this camera, but it simply won't record video on my galaxy s3.
Great and only alternative to Google's photosphere thing...
A gray bar is appearing on the side of the screen.
Looks good so far. When launching app get a black screen and have to hit menu soft key to get app running. No setting for save to SD card. Will stay tuned. Sprint GS3 CM 10.1.
10x better than stock camera on my N4, better features and actually works. Only complaint is the flash firing on startup when flash is set to on/auto. Otherwise I have only good things to say. Way to go xplodwild!
Can't take pictures on my phone. Shutter button crashes app. Rating 3 for now because photosphere is actually working though nothing else is.
App opens and functions well on the Note 3 but when taking the photo the application freezes then closes. Looks promising though hence 3 stars.
Please fix when I use this on my s4 it lags out and says not responding when I take a picture please fix
Love the app became my main camera when with cyanogen mod glad came to the market only issue right now with the app is the camera doesn't start up on GS2
Galaxy s 4
So excited when this came out but never works on the HTC one. Just closes as soon as you take a pic :(
This camera worked great until the latest update for the galaxy s4.  It now crashes when I attempt to take a photo.   I cleared all settings before trying again,  but no luck.   Otherwise I love it.
Love the app, works wonderfully on xperia z. But started F/C with the latest update when i click the shutter button
Pictures are great but videos are a no go for me
Latest version crashes continuously on Verizon GS4.  Developer doesn't seem in a hurry to fix it. Too bad as it shows such promise
Using a Nexus 4. It does not work well. Issues with the flash: it does not turn off
On my Xperia U photosphere doesn't work at all
Has tons of features and setting very cool. Just not working on my s4 after Android 4.3 update.
I like the app is better than the stock android camera but there only a problem I encounter is that it closes every time I take a photo on my galaxy s3 please fix that issue thank u
Any chance of including an option to save to the sdcard?
When taking a picture. Waiting for an update. Currently(gs4-slim bean rom official build 2.)
Galaxy s4 crashes when trying to take photo after update.
It's only in beta so I expect there to be bugs. The only major bug I have found is that any pictures it takes are not viewable in gallery and when I attempt to view them it fc's gallery. Art s3
This is a very powerful camera app replacement to the stock s3 one however on my phone a pic is taken in portrait but when uploaded to Facebook the image is landscape. Unfortunately this means I am back to boring old stock camera
whenever I am trying to change the video quality it stops forcely. Please fix the bugs as hurry as possible
When I take pics with this app Facebook uploads them sideways. Really annoying to only be able to use this in landscape mode. Sent email to Dev but they have not replied in 2 weeks
Instantly force closes ,haven't even managed to take one picture sadly.
I need more resolution, like Lenovo super camera.
Force closes on shutter press. Useless until fixed. HTC One tmobile
I love the design of the app, but when I take a picture it F/C's.  Also the resolution for the photo sphere is off.
This is by far the best camera app I have used. Currenty running cyanogen mod 10.1.3 on verizon samsung s3. There are a few minor glitch like it locks the phone when using front facing camera and can't change to use external SD card, but other than that its perfect.   Thanks! mike
Force closes every time I try to take a photo (with any permutation of setting combinations).
Both after taking a picture and after pressing stop on the video recording
Force closes when shutter button is pressed on HTC One.
Works well on S3 CyanogenMod 10.x except for photosphere... Never finishes rendering into gallery
Works great on my rooted note ll Max all star 5.00 rom
Now force close on galaxy 4
ATT HTC One crashes everytime when shutter is pressed
Changed to a note 3 from a droid4. App now freezes up my phone and crashs when shutter is pressed. Uninstalled for now but will try again in a month to see it it gets fixed. It was a great app on all my other phones previously.
Keeps force closing on my gs4 (cm10.1) with the newest update
It's very buggy right now, i can't even take a picture without a FC
Keep it up guys :D
Pls fix the picsphere for n4, having a resolution issue.
I love the UI, I love the features,  but can you please make the delete photo option in the review drawer a different gesture than the one used to close it?  Good app though altogether.
Unfortunately it force closes on my Samsung Galaxy S4 running CyanogenMod when pressing the button to take a picture
Still pretty buggy on my old RAZR Max but i am looking forward to replacing stock app once its a little more polished.
From the images it seems like a very nice app, however unusable on Samsung galaxy S4, as soon as I take a picture, well it never takes it, the app just freezes and force closes, till I'm able to at least use it, 1 poor star for you.
Excellent camera. Easy ui
It's steadily improving with every release. I'm not having any of the FC issues on my One X that some others are having.
Causes the gallery to FC when trying to view panoramic shot. Tried using 2 different gallery's, stock and ported 4.2.  Other selections work fine, but w/out panoramic this is a waste. Galaxy S3 rooted, "JellyBeans" 15 rom. I have a ported 4.2 camera apk installed and that has been working fine for last 6months.
This looks like a really well thought out app, and will quickly replace the stock camera once the force close issue (on shutter button press) is resolved!  Galaxy S4 Google Play Edition (Samsung GT-I9505G) 4.3
It used to work great until the latest update when my HTC ONE keeps force close whenever i press the shutter button.
Its very good Camera app. But unfortunately its crashing after saving to disk in galaxy s3 I9300.
Working excellent in HTC evo 3d shooter with CyanogenMod
Won't take a picture, please fix that
I liked this despite its beta status, though recently its preview/viewfinder is 90 off, and skewed to the wrong aspect ratio. Good work so far though, looking forward to the stable release.  Acer Iconia A700, cm10.1.3 Jelly bean 4.2.2
I couldn't get this app fast enough when I found it it was available.  It was working great until this last update now like others mine FC's when I try to take a photo. Fix this and rating goes up
Excellent app and support
Hope this gets fixed soon :-( Galaxy S4
Samsung Galaxy S4
It's very clunky sometimes, a lot of force closing and app not responding.  I really like a lot of the features in this app,  I just wish it worked a little more smoothly.  I realize it's a beta version so I am hopeful that they'll sort it out.  Has potential to be a five star camera app,  but it's not quite ready to replace my stock camera just yet. Keep up the good work and I'll update my review as the app gets better.
App works well and has lots of options but most recent update has caused the camera preview to be off-centered on Moto X. I end up with a grey bar along one side.
Before you split from CyanogenMod, Focal worked perfectly on my LG Optimus G Pro. Now it either crashes instantly or takes a blank picture.
It never processes the photos it just take three photos and never combines them please fix this and it will be the camera I always use
It's  really buggy - - - htc butterfly
Hello  Thank for this hard work.. I think this is the first app of its kind in the play store. This camera app seems to have many features which are not imported from the stock camera. The video recording looks better than the stock for me in terms of focusing, since I can manually focus, and the stock camera can not focus well while recording. But please make the camera resolution correct when recording in HD or full HD.  Regards. Using Nexus 4.
Most things work okay, but please fix the rotation/orientation issues. Every single photo comes out in a different orientation from what it was taken in. My only option is to manually rotate each photo in gallery after I take them! Please fix!
Indeed. The last update broke the application. Force close when I press the snapshot button.  Device: HTC Butterfly,  x920d.
Love this camera...Unfortunately it force closes on my HTC One with the latest update as soon as I click a pic (as others have also mentioned). Waiting for the next update to see if it is fixed so I can go back to using it as my main camera app.
The app is definetly bettee than stock .. Takes great and fast shots.. But not always i getnthe photos saved.. Most of the shots i take are blank in the gallery !!  FIx it for 5
Great camera app
This is one sweet camera app! Its free too which is also great! Just hope in a future build that it gets geo-tagging - that's my only real problem with it...
Wish you can autofocus in the front facing camera
Excellent
The camera force closes upon pressing the shutter button and when a panorama is rendering the view finder gets all messed up until its done please fix
When I press the shutter button screen goes black and app crashes on my S4.
Whatever you did to fix compatability with older Samsung devices broke compatability with the Samsung S4
Crashes on gs4 with latest update. Well move to 5 once it is reusable great app.
This camera is very feature rich compared to stock. My only issues with it is the side bar that highlights everything as I scroll through it. This app mainly flawed from an interface standpoint but with a few more updates I can see this completely replacing the stock camera.
Love this project. Colour adjust menu doesn't seem to wanna work on S3 running cm10.1 but everything else seems pretty solid..
Every time I get it.
Great concept, But it always crashes when pressing the shutter button. AT&T HTC One. I tried it both running CyanogenMod and MaximusHD 20.0.0.0
5stars You have no idea since when I've seeked for a photosphere app!! My dream come true!
I really enjoy using focal since i evere seen it on my friend's nexus 4 and wanted it so bad...I tried to record videos with it and when my screen closes the phone reboots. Can you add permissions to prevent device to sleep?
We need more apps like this!
This app has some great features, and is clean and fast, but runs hot on GN-7100, Its still a early beta and is unstable on my Galaxy Note 2 at the moment, Ill keep an eye as I'm sure it will eventually become the go-to camera app on play store.
Very nice app, specially for a beta. Haven't tried it much, but no bugs or crashes yet. I'm missing geo positioning options. Also it doesn't integrates itself as a camera app in system, WhatsApp won't show it as an option for taking a picture
Force closes when pressing shutter button.
Verizon HTC One, force closes when shutter button is pressed. Fix this and it will be great again!
The video capture is a little buggy on the galaxy s3. Everything else works fine though. Great job BBQ.
Loved the camera before receiving the update.  I can no longer rake a picture.  The app  will immediately crash
Good app
-great potential in this app.  I can see this replacing my default app when the bugs get squashed. - currently having an issue with the flash on Galaxy Note 2.  The app hangs after using the Led flash to focus.
Was great but it is now almost totally unusable.
People really need to keep in mind that is in beta, it's not going to be perfect just yet.
Crashes after the latest update. HTC One. Waiting for another update.
I love all the features from gestures to all the settings toggle But photosphere doesn't work well at all. Photo quality is average
It's a very nice camera for Android. It loads quickly and feels light. It still has a few bugs to be worked out but overall a very nice app and I highly recommend it.
No GPS tagging
After latest update the app now crashes when I try to take a picture. LG G2
Despite the recent update claiming it supports 'older Samsung' devices, it still doesn't work in my T-Mobile Galaxy s2 running CM 10.1.3.   On startup the ui appears, but the screen is black.   If you try to take a picture, it states, "unable to take picture" - I'm keeping it installed to watch for future updates.
I tested it out when it was included in Cyanogenmod nightlies but due to frequent crashes and random system reboots caused by the app, I wasn't able to thoroughly try out features.  Seems like a great app, GUI is more intuitive than stock camera, but due to limited functionality I can't recommend it in its current state. Just downloaded this standalone version and it crashes on load. Currently on a Samsung Galaxy S3 Verizon
Fewer crashes now on e975, possibly none since last update. No geo tagging present as far as I can tell though.
Force close after taking picture,  galaxy note 3/wicked rom
The latest update has killed the app for the S4, constant crashes when taking a photo.  Very disappointed as it was the best camera app in Play Store...
Video rec still doesnt work. Im on cm 4.2.2
Crashes when you take a photo - using stock HTC One 4.2.2
I'm trying out Focal camera and it is rotating my portrait pictures when it saves them. I'm using a fully updated stock Nexus 4.
xperia z running cm10.1 stable release. focal crashes on taking photo. the ui is difficult to use. feature set is admirable and I look forward to giving five stars when it is more polished and works
Crashes when taking a pic on G2
Getting better and better. Sometimes still force closes but still better than any camera out there. I trust you will get there.
Crashes as soon as you take a picture on the s4
Beware you could delete your photos with a single gesture without confirmation dialog. Baaad design.
I can't actually take photos with it: hitting the shutter button causes a crash regardless of settings. LG G2 stock, assume it's just new phone compatibility issues.
Really nice camera app. Only thing I am missing is the exposure ring option on my Galaxy Note 2 running CyanogenMod 10.2.
It opens up faster than stock. Camera app its nice but it needs more work on crashing bugs. I also want to be able to silence the shutter .
Quick, simple, fully-featured, all together a fantastic camera app that does everything you could want.
The reboot on front facing camera seems to be fixed, but now the pictures taken with the front camera appear upside-down in Gallery. Still an improvement Sprint Galaxy s3 on CM 10.2
It's not very smooth. Picsphere doesn't really work. The aligning blue dots always get messed up
Camera is rotated 90 degrees in Nexus 10. Difficult to take pictures as a result. App looks promising, just fix the rotation
Camera doesnt open at all on GS2. Love the app..It would be nice if I could use it.
After the latest update, camera crashes when you take a picture. On galaxy s4
The app froze after I deleted a photo.
Galaxy S3 running CM10.1.3 stable - I like the app and interface. However, a large number of options appear to not be implemented and don't do anything to the images once selected. HDR takes 3 identical pictures and doesn't do anything with them. Focal seems like more of an alpha than a beta at this point due to options that simply aren't working yet, but looking forward to seeing where this goes.
Definieltly better than the stock camera app, but the flash won't work neither in auto mode neither if i turn it on:/ (Nexus 4)
Crashed my phone as soon as I opened the app.  Samsung Galaxy Victory.
Still buggy to record video on Samsung S2.
App looks great.  Still some bugs to work out (to be expected).  Looking forward to see where this goes.
This camera app gets a lot right. I do occasionally have compatibily issues with HTC One X, but the typical photo is better than that of the regular HTC camera app. I have yet to use a 5 star Android camera app, but is close.
Overall a great attempt....excellent work by bbq.... I downloaded this for the pic sphere option but as soon as i launch it and press the capture button the photo screen disappears and only the sphere dots and the background appear...please fix the pic sphere option...i would gladly rate it full...
Fixed all the bugs I talked about in my previous review. However, now the app crashes whenever I use normal mode (front or back). Oddly enough, Panorama works just fine. Good work tho, even though I can't use it for now, I'm not quitting, so don't you either!
No esta mal pero los menus no se autocierran... eso es molesto ya que hay que cerrar uno por uno si uno toca varias opciones, por lo demas excelente
Enjoy the idea of this and the UI is not that bad. A lot of room to grow here and code could run smoother. Update when changed
Great app. Works excellent for me. Feature Request: Allow saving to the sd card.
Worked somewhat well until last 2 updates, can't wait for the fix.
skips frames (it is not smoth in video recording) , add option to select focus mode, crashes in panorama mode and if the app enters panorama mod the image is all messup , make the sidebar a little more transparent . Device i9100G on Cm 10.2 . Thank you for your great work :) .I also posted a cat log on xda thread and  I will rate more if the bugs are gone :) oh...and if you could add face, smile and blink detection it would be great :)
Loved it since its been on CM
Opening the app the interface is there but the camera does not turn on so it's a black image. Beforehand it worked well. update: problem still exists. Black screen
Black screen on asus padfone. Simply stopped working after latest updates. Issue persists.
It is pretty cool but crashes sometimes unexpectedly and after latest update images are getting stored upside down.. Please fix this
It seems more stable on my s2, but it won't connect to either of my phone's cameras.
Have high hopes for this app in the future though. Good luck.
 SGN3   fps  .     .
It's smooth and flawless for me.
No change in storage option. Sphere is a mess. Crashes often. Note 2...many roms
Nearly perfect! A few bugs left, but this is expected from a beta product. Constructive criticism for the dev: pictures taken from the front facing camera are saved upside down (N4 stock 4.3, still occurring with latest update).
Good camera app . Actually having problem with picsphere . Please fix it . Dying to use picsphere and there are minor  bugs too.
Was working fine earlier on the htc one but now its just crashing as soon as you press the shutter button. Running 4.3
Everything is perfect but please put in an idiot mode to stop me deleting pictures by mistake. The swipe to delete is nice but it's not intuitive when I'm trying to just swipe to view the next picture!
It was working fine earlier... Latest update is crashing the app on my HTC One developer edition... It's all stock... No modifications whatsoever
This app can only get better!
Incredible app,  works great on my Note 2 running AOKP.  Only bug I have found is it will take a lot of time to load when accessing it through the lock screen widget.
Good
Cant take any pictures. Black screen, and get stuck. On my T-989 with Samsung ROM android 4.1.2
Where's a update its been almost a month
As it says on the tin, the app is in BETA and is still quite buggy. For me, it throws up a Demigod Kernel crash when I pinch to zoom. But when it works, it's wonderful. Great interface, snappy shutter speed, clear pictures. Just probably will hold off on it being my default camera app until official launch.
Already taking better pictures. Nexus cameras are always ho-hum. Focal seems to make it easier to take better pics - indoors and out, and fairly good macro.  Will be interesting to see if Kit-Kat improves camera software!
After the last update, all I get is a black window where my view finder window should be.  Front and rear camera
features are cool.
Lots of bugs need to be fixed. Slow in saving picture. Startup time is also slow.
Still do not have camcorder on S3. Really wanna play around with 120fps, might just go back to touchwiz and install the note 2 camera. If this is expected to be working ANYTIME soon, please let us know.
After the wgole download it says PACKAGE IS INVALID
Nice app but you must add an option for memory card selection..
I really wish I could choose storage path for this, hopefully in the future
I can't find the highspeed setting in video though
Good app rverithing work corectly but it have litlle problem whith sphere capturing , it dont working corectly , can not saveing pucture and not so good quality on sphere capturing and please solve it , and all ather is perfect  i dont have seen like this app , PERFECT...!!!
Why does the menu button not open a menu? And I'd love the option to shoot a photo with my power button and use the volume rocker for zoom, like in the 4.1 stock android app. This was the best feature but for some reason it got removed. Can we have that in focal?
I accidentally deleted a picture I wanted by swiping down. Yikes.
I love how quick it is, the options it has, the total ease of use.   2 suggestions: - I don't get EXIF info on the photos, therefore when shared via another program like WhatsApp it rotates the photo.  - make it possible to share from the slide down menu.   Using a Nexus 4.
Slow to load and takes bad pics
No option to choose external storage, pictures taken are always rotated 90degrees regardless of phone orientation.
Love the features but the pic sphere doesn't work on the note 3 N9005 besides that it's all good
After I take a picture it shut down my phone.. Please fix it ASAP!!
where can i find the exposure ring.. im using this app with my note 2. no exposurr ring around
Great app, loving the work. So keep it up!!   I have noticed that the app stretches the image horizontally when using the forward facing camera on my SGS4. Perfectly fine with everything else so far!
Text doesn't wrap well on slide out menu Hdr not compiling.  No notable change in iso?  Video recorded but froze on double tap, no picture taken but video did record +sound.
I love Google edition ROM on my GS4, but I really miss Samsung's anti shake feature in the TW camera app. Could you please add something similar?
More stable now.
unable to view photos taken. it shows up in gallery as a broken image. would be great if it actually worked for me as I like the interface.
Great
I know it is beta, so I thought about posing a bug to help developer to sort it out.  I have T-Mobile gs4, currently running cyanogenmod. Once I open the 'torch'  from this app, it doesn't want to turn off. I had to exit from the app to turn off the torch
Doesn't really work on the s3.  Managed to get a regular picture out of it... but all other functions did weird stuff... like distorting screen, up side down, etc... but nothing else fires or works.  ??  Ui nice if it worked.
Fix panorama make sphere easyier to use and keep up the awesome work and ill give u a five star
thanks for this great program... first problem: the app hang and freeze too much.. after close it you cant open the camera until do a restart...... second problem: the video recording is too bad..also I cant switch resolution.... hope you fix these problems for now.... nice app 3 star.... after fixing 5 if course
Gave me the poops
Loads faster than stock android camera app actually makes camera useful
Love it! Noticed the app seems to occasionally loose connection with the camera.  I took some test shots, looked at them by swiping down to get the gallery and went back to the camera app only to find it had lost connection.  it took a little fiddling, but eventually i got it back by choosing a different mode (going to photo sphere back to camera).  this kicked it back into life.  exiting and restarting the app hadn't worked.  Liking the options which in some ways are more flexible than Googles standard stuff.  Some voice control would be awesome though.
Love this app
Is there an option to store all the photos on the external SD card slot for phones that have it?
Kudos to the dev for this app. That to for free.
Running the stable version of Cyanogenmod 10.1.3 on my Samsung GS3. Camera works flawlessly, but when I switch to record video, the app freezes? Please fix this and I will DEFINITELY give 4 stars!  To get 5 stars; a widget that I can put on my lock screen would be awesome so I can access it quickly!   Beautiful app! Hope this gets fixed quickly!
Would be amazing if it wouldn't force close or freeze
But I am unable to take pictures at all with this app.
A great app.... works fine on my MMX Canvas HD, it has few bugs. But on the whole its good..., well,, a sort of....
Doesn't open... shows black screen Eagerly waiting for update I'm on android 4.3 defy +
I used the focal betas and this has a slow viewfinder in comparison. Running N4, ParanoidAndroid with AK kernel; the phone is blazing fast otherwise.  Also, it appears I can't change the image size or view the entire image that will be taken. It's inconvenient to frame my image, then end up with extraneous detail on two sides.
You need to fix a few bugs on the sphere shot and you should add a feature to take slow-motion videos (sort of like on iPhone 5s) other than that it is great! Good job. :-)
But now it won't connect to camera
The front facing camera has a weird stretch on the screen and when it saves the photo it is upside-down and off center. Other than that works fine.
people defending this because is beta should review what Beta means in software development. The app constantly crashes, it is not intuitive, overcrowded features in the screen, is not visually pleasant.  If you are someone who wants a lot of features and dont mind the flakyness of the app itself then this app is for you. From my side, I just wanted the sphere back, but not with the tradeoff of it crashing in the moment i need it most, after all photo-moments are just moments. Dont have time to restart the app even less reboot.
It's all good but needs to get familiar with all of these options.
Work great, just photo sphere menu text is out of screen. Other wise great work
Simple easy and with all the features u may need or want
Every photo I take at centre on aim, the centre went off after capture. Seems like app bug.
Can't wait till this app is fully functional
Perfect update to my existing HTCOne camera.
Still a bit buggy, but it has won my admiration for features and usability. But above all, when set to highest resolution, the picture quality is unbeatable.
I understand the concept of beta but this app needs work to be even out in beta nothing works got it for the photo sphere and it either crashes or won't work at all pics are not readable settings are not able to be accessed great concept just needs lot of work
When you swipe down previewing images it will delete them with NO warning.  Until this is fixed I would suggest staying away from previewing in this app.  Do not swipe down when viewing a preview, it deletes it.  It looks like you are flipping through your images similar to how urge stock also app does it but instead you are deleting each image.  Really bad design.
Get a black screen for image. Camera cannot take picture.
Just managed to make my first photosphere work! It's pretty hard to get the hang of it, but I managed to do it. Keep updating it, and it'll soon be awesome-r. :)
Still need some work but a great start
Very hard to use like you may accidently delete photos if you scroll down on the app. Also laggy when you slide out the windows and hard to close them. Hard to use for the picture button press. I recommend waiting for the next update when it's out of beta/legitly makes things easier (just remove the gallery viewing just horrible)   What I find the worse is the gallery viewing deleting photos is way to easily deleted. Also the app kills your phone like the s4... Its killing my phone even though I restarted
I like it very much. Will you support the qx-10 lense from sony at one point? that would be awesome.
at first bootup it froze my screen and device. but after i reboooted it works great. love the 3d photo sphere effect ! App is pretty awesome compared to stock cam . I am using tf101 with jellybean katkiss 4.3 rom from Timduru and app works pretty flawlessly , except for that first boot so far. keep up the great work devs!
Just loaded cm 10.2 on my n7000 note only to discover this solid camera removed.  Surely look forward to be able to use this as an app soon. Now it forced closed whenever I run it in cm 10.2. Thanks
Keeps locking up on Droid RAZR Maxx. This causes other camera apps to fail. Only solution seems to be a reboot, but it will fail again after 1 or 2 photos.
This app is so awesome. It includes all the features I wanted from my camera. Unfortunately it is really buggy so it is cool to play with but I can't rely on it. Since its beta I hope it gets way better.
Can't wait for more improvement to consider it my daily drive.
Black screens and then even returns to the app Google play site. but it's a great project and I sent you a cat log
It takes nice pics but the actual pic is much bigger than what appears on the screen
Kinda crap that it lets you swipe down to delete a photo but it doesn't even warn you the photo will be deleted, no option to confirm deletion and no hints to what swipe down even does. Unacceptable even if it is alpha/beta software. Uninstalling.
Lold
I hpe an update to save captured moments to ext sd card.. Love the app.. Thanks a lot
It didn't work and all I get is black photos or photos which cannot be opened. No option to save in SD card. Hoping this is fixed. (S4 - CM 10.1.3)
My biggest peeve is pic rotation which doesn't show correctly in G+ photos taken with this app. No trouble with stock app. 5 stars when fixed. Love the features!
Not working on my device only black screen appears in my samsung galaxy s2 HD LTE
It is an amazing app on my Moto X and has even become my regular day-to-day camera app even though it is still in beta. I cannot wait until it is fully release because there still are a few issues here and there.
It saves front pics upside down
occasionally has an error when switching to video. when error occurs, it takes unplayable video. can fix by clearing app data but happens again eventually.  also during video capture, app allows the screen to turn off.  picture is solid. still really like the separate exposure and slick intuitive ui, but being unreliable makes it unusable when capturing those special moments
I know is a beta so and I see a lot if potential in this so I'll point out a few issues I'm having.  - options such as sceen, effects go over the edge of the screen when used in landscape mode.  - when holding the phone in landscape the pane of previous photos still display in portrait.  - this app uses a lot of battery power.  Keep up the good work!
When it works it works great...especially for beta. No way to view picsphere photos even on Google+. Might as well remove picsphere and work on other aspects. No way to view picsphere photos anyway.
The capture noise is annoying,  and needs the option to change and dissable (aside from the work around of muting the whole phone) Also needs a shortcut to the gallery from within the app.
A potentially better camera app than the stock version. However,  the panorama option is weird, you move the camera right and the image moves down! Then the burst photos and voice activation options don't work. Hopefully this will improve or my S2 is not compatible.
Nothing but black screen on galaxy s2 running cm 10.1.3. Will rate 5 stars when its fixed
with nexus4, result pic is wider than the one showing over view finder in portrait pic.
My only problem is that capturing using flash causes useless pictures(black pic with a flash icon in the gallery) s4mini stock 4.2.2
Constant 90` on tf201
I love the Focal camera but it kept on force closing and then my stock camera or other apps that use the camera (Instagram) would not work either. So I'm sticking with stock camera for now. Hopefully these bugs get fixed soon! xt912.
will my phone got bug fixed, if not i will just uninstal it from my phone. thanks for read
The photosphere thingy is randomly spinning, my camera crashes and needs reboot to recover it for other apps.  Seems that development is slowing. No updates since Sept
Title says it all.
As soon as I can save to my external SD you'll get the 5th star and default selection.
I realize the app is currently Beta. However, will say I REALLY like the way developer has things laid out right now. Pic-Sphere image capture appear to have effective workaround for devices that do not have native gyroscope built-in to device (NICE). Ability to adjust frame-rate in movie-capture mode (30fps & 60fps) on devices that native camera left out this option - for capturing slow-mo, etc. (NICE). Slide-menus function nicely, once you figure them out they really provide nice method of navigating through user options (NICE). Direct link, via down-slider, to Galley and also photo-editing software (NICE). Nice set of White-Balance options, including real-time display of selection. Decent control of Light-Settings (what part of the image is used to set light metering. Couple things Id like to see improved: some type of aperture/focal distance setting options, photo-sphere functionality improvements (seems there are a few bugs on being able to stitch together a completed set of pic-sphere images after all the captures have been made. 5-Stars considering this is initial Beta Release.
The concept is really nice, but that app still needs some tweaks. Pictures don't come out as nice as with the stock camera app.
Picsphere could function.
The photo taken is wider than what is seen in the "viewfinder". Also crashes at times
My phone is xperia sl bt there is no widget for this app My android is 4.1
great design on this app, generally works well for me, no crashes or anything, just hiccups and graphical glitches here and there. the main annoyance is that i can't easily see pictures i have recently taken, i like being able to swipe to gallery or something similar to review past pictures. with a little work, this is a 5star app :)
Very clean, easy to use UI, full feature set, and only a couple of bugs currently preventing me from setting as default on my Galaxy S4 i9505, running stock 4.3:  - Front facing camera saves images upside down, 'primary' camera is fine. - Torch button doesn't behave as expected, it won't toggle on or off. Torch continues to function until 'disable' is pressed. - The aspect ratio when using the forward facing 'secondary' camera is stretched horizontally.  Hope this can help towards a stable release :)
No video on my galaxy s3..this more feedback than a review. .hoping for a fix soon..
How the heck would I know that sliding down means erasing the photo? I accidentally deleted some of my existing photos too. I never thought that there would be an application that does this without user's confirmation.
Not working on LG L5 (android 4.1)  I can run application but it doesnt load screen from my camera. And when i wanna select something app is really lagging.
Photo spheres are having a ton of stiching errors. Crashes when setting image resolution, sphere dots are horrible low-quality. Horrible.
How to zoom in focal? Pinch to zoom doesn't work and volume buttons both take photos.
But still no store to external sd card
Can you have the video use the gyro and record wide-screen even when the phone is not?
I know it's still in beta. it works great on my stock galaxy s3, but the orientation is all kinds of messed up on my nexus 10.
I know it's still in beta and not perfect but I know you will get there! Keep up the amazing work
Fantastic app, front camera has a bug were pictures become upside down
Can't view picspheres after they are rendered. Just a warped 2d image. Great potential. Will be 5 star once its cleaned up
Yes it has a lot of features, meanwhile it's slower taking pictures than the stock camera in note 2 N7105.
I only asked you for 4.1 availability today and it's already here! Definitely in beta though.
You should look into fixing the lock screen launch problem :)
Using Moto X.  Following features don't work: flash, white balance, effects, exposure comp., colour adjustment.   Looking forward to future updates :)
Did u just extract this from cynanogen you need to test
Been using this app and I can say it is more user friendly than the latest 4.3, easy to access the things like Scene mode, effects or whatever. Will come back later after I use this camera app more and give more feedbacks :)
Everything works great for me on my I9505, But I fail to fins the High-Frame Rate video mentioned in the XDA post D: This is the only thing i MIss from my stock Touchwiz rom so would love to get it in AOSP! :D
nice to see you on the Play Store.
Picture is all distorted, its inverted (I go left and the camera goes right type thing) not even the basics are down.   Note 10.1 running pacman rom
Am I supposed to have something extra to view picspheres because they are showing up as a weird flat pic.
Black screen. Will not take a photo.   I would love to have these options on a camera.
This app is pretty cool however  the pictures are kinda stretched  when taking pictures with the front facing camera....Please fix :)
Last update breaks support for Sony Ericsson Xperia J. The application starts, but the camera does not start-up.
Very nice app..but some bugs are their... this app hangs after taking a single pic..on auto awesome it took so long to save the image...on video same problem video taking is normal.but it hangs when stop recording. I want to use this app..but not able to use ..plz help
Impressive interface.Unfortunately does not YET work properly in xperia j	I guess this is the next big thing coming to android photography. However it being in the beta stage is not at all bugfree or fit for daily use. But we will be seeing more of the developer soon im hoping.
Menus are simple, easy to understand, and have a clean look. I live the animations. I've been using focal for a while and have found no bugs. A very good alternative the stock camera app. Keep up the good work.
All seems to be working great except the picture gets stretched. HTC one
When it works its awesome. When it doesn't it completely disables the camera and requires reboot.
It looks amazing but on the Nexus 4 it doesn't adjust to the onscreen buttons so the aspect ratio is all screwy. Also, the photos taken with the self-facing camera are upside down
App is full of bugs... Can't even click a pic
BUG REPORT camera is rotated 90 degrees on Note 10.1 , sphere pic doesn't recognize the movement properly, it's always in portrait mode,  UI is too small... considering this to be alpha. Maybe next time.  Where to report bugs? The app doesn't have a built in feedback.
Burst mode is very very slow, Response time is very poor. Also when i tried to focus the opposite side of camera (near to capacitive buttons),it shos out if focus.   But still interface of app is really good.
Are u separated or not
5 star
But it collapses on front camera or when stock camera has been opened
Using Nexus 4 android 4.3
Note 2 on 4.1  Panerama and sphere pictures are stitched together sideways.  A few force closes when taking pictures in normal mode with auto enhance enabled.  Being in sphere and then closing focal results in not being able to switch back to sphere mode again unless you switch to another mode first like video then going back to sphere.
The camera Freez up when I change the video quality to 1080p.  Note 2
I can change the settings but I can't take a picture because the screen stays black. Please fix.
Like it very much, some random fc's but still pretty good, only thing I can't seem to find is how to get the exposure ring.
I only have three gripes so far, other wise it's very nice. 1) HDR is very slow and it doesn't composite the photos together, just saves all three 2) all my photos come out sideways when taken even while phone is held in portrait 3) an option top disable the shutter noise would be cool
Crashing my S3 every picture taken. Worked for a bit then stopped, tried reinstalling but it does it after a while no matter what.
Excellent alternative to the stock camera but it needs some work sometimes the photos don't save to the gallery and the picsphere setting isn't working properly
Installed it on my Moto X VZW developer edition, and ran into some bugs. When switching video resolution, the video freezes. The rest of the app works properly, it's just that video freezes. Also, when doing picsphere, when rendering on landscape mode, text goes off the screen on the lefthand side.  Apart from that, this app is awesome, just needs a few updates!
Missed this app when it fell off of cm nightly. It is definitely a buggy beta but people seem to still 1* it. I'm indifferent for now until I get familiar with it seeing as it crashes a little less now.
This app is really good, everything works as expected.  But I miss one feature: Being able to save pictures and videos to sd card. Hope it's coming soon!
Image quality is great but my phone heats up to a temperature where I can bake an egg... And it's killing the battery (HTC One).
Not bad. Odd problem though. It works great indoors. But when I take a picture in very bright light, it shuts down the phone completely. Running on an S3
This app have pretty much every feature that the other camera apps have and it's free. Keep up the good works on XDA.
Self pictures are saved upside down. Some other rear facing camera pics are saved sideways. Also, pics are sent sideways from the original orientation taken. Uninstalling for now...
This really should be available only on a Google+ beta channel, not Google Play. I could see it had a nice feature set and layout, but that's as far as I got before it crashed on my stock Nexus 4. Though controls were visible, I saw ghost images of my gallery in background when swiping, but never an image from the camera. I had to reboot my phone because the camera couldn't connect to the stock camera app or any other app using the camera. Rebooting fixed it. Looking forward to a stable release, though.
I have a strong belief that this is an awesome camera app. I just can't get it to save my pictures. I have a Samsung Galaxy SIV Google Play Edition. So I know my hardware is up to spec. I don't have any bloatware or extras because it's basically a nexus device.   Cue sad face.
Lines of all sorts start appearing after I click the 'shoot' button. I uninstalled and reinstalled but it's the same.
just wanted to install cyanogenmod specially for this camera and now it's on playstore. keep it up! can't wait it out of beta.
Works great on S4, though I don't think I have hdr or light measurement or color capabilities.
PhotoSphere is messed up on my HTC one. Accelerometer problems
I'm not able to take any pic....! Plz fix...!
The only issue I have at the moment, is when taking pictures in portrait mode. It captures in landscape (while viewed in gallery). Knowing it's still in beta, I'm confident it should be fixed soon.  Unless, it's a setting that I've  overlooked.   Edit:  running on N4
Crashes often in note 2. Photosphere doesn't work.
Works great on LGOGP on the latest  CM 10.2 nightly
The viewfinder appears stretched on the HTC ONE. Also the settings menu and other menus are too small.
How do you view picsphere photos with the accelerometer?
Razr maxx hd 4.1.2. The app works amazingly well. Had a few lags and closes but that's expected in beta. Amazing job by dev
If this program delivers what it kinda suggests today from the beta state it will be amazing and one best camera apps on the market.
I've tested many camera apps and by far this one is the best. No lag between taking pictures. Great UI that isn't confusing or buggy when trying to change settings. The zoom is what really stood out to me. For some reason other apps when zoomed in don't maintain high quality but this one is amazing. Even if you only use this app to take close up images it's still worth downloading. Will be donating to keep this app up and running.
Running galaxy s2 skyrocket. Rooted unsecure kernel mohan kr's work using vincoms methods.  4.1.2    app loads but fails to take picture.  No force close, just a message toast.
It's so much better than the stock nexus 4 camera app, much faster and takes better pictures.
Loving this camera interface. The only problem is that when I take a picture, its taken up-side-down. Hope the next update will fix that issue.
so much faster than the default camera. highly recommended!
I know it's beta, though, so I'll wait for more updates.
It's definitely promising. How do I view the pictures I've taken tho? I snap a photo and it's not in my gallery. I pull down the shade and tape the gallery icon within Focus,  and nothing as well.
Has some good features. Crashes on my S3, so I can only try on Nexus 7 for now. Minus 1 star for that, and lack of GPS tag, weird tabs (I can't close the left tab menu?), and when I burst shot it didn't stop and I had to force restart my tablet. Not very usable for me. But I'd like to see it a lot better!
It's good but it doesn't work all the time, sometimes it says can't connect to the camera. I need to reboot my phone to get it working again.
A good cam but not the best..won't discourage the Dev. .keep up the good work..
But I hate having to tap for every shot 360 mode.
Fc, resolution not .recognise
I really liked the camera when running Cyanogenmod and was pleased to see it available on App Store. However, back on stock S2 Skyrocket all I get is a black screen with front and rear cameras. I'm going to keep it and hope updates get this issue fixed as I know it's a great camera and at the moment it is a beta anyway.
Please make it work with galaxy gt-i8261
A spot more polish and I'll buy it.
For an unfinished product, it's really amazing, it has a really good potential.
. My kind of camera app but not working for now...i am willing to wait for fixes and improvements...2 star just for now
Does not work with my Huawei Y300 works with my Xperia S
Seems to work fine on my Galaxy Nexus.
For example , it almost always fail to save taken pictures, like 4 every 5. The saved pictures quality is the same as my phone camera software. But it has lots of features
Thanks to dev for this awesone app. Excellent
Cannot see anything through  rear camera.. Buggy
This app has all the right ideas and would be perfect if it were to fix the glitches and smoothen it up. I wish stock camera apps were as feature rich and as intuitive in terms of UI
Used for few days previously however uninstalled, it's on beta stage so people you'll find bugs and insects, the dev is great help, just email him with the problem help him to help us, I'll be coming back for this app once it's fully completed beta stages, good luck dev!
Under description, put the second paragraph as the first paragraph. Some people will miss or not read the second paragraph if they don't expand the description. Might help with the bad reviews.
I have the same black screen issue on the note. Focal worked on the last cm release it was in.
Great app, and c mon guys it is expected to be som kinda buggy because its in beta, and since i saw this app in CyanogenMod I said "i would love to have it in carbon" Rom and now i have it
Works forme pretty well great  work
When using the front facing camera the photos are presented upside down fix this 5 stars
The orientation is not correct, it's flipped 90 degrees. It performs slowly as well and takes the pictures a full second or more after I wanted to take it.
It's still at the beginning but HDR mode doesn't work after last update on xperia Z   please fix it as soon as possible Cyanogen mod
But it doesnt work on Hercules
App with great functionality.  Widgets are a good idea. Works fine on Xperia S but a bit slow and I would really like a way to turn off the shutter sound.
Can you pls make an option to save the photos to the SD Thanks
why is it so easy to delete a picture? Is there a way to get them back once you swipe them away?
Clean, smooth and responsive. Great features looking forward to where this camera will end up! Great! Recommend, download it now.
The function is good but they are not able to be used as there are too many bugs and always having no response in the Picsphere.  The burst shooting never works.  Large room for improvement but I look forward to it
Its in beta, and its specifically said to be buggy. They're giving you what they tell you, don't complain. Great app according to XDA, about to try on my HTC One.
Every time I take a picture on my HTC One this thing freezes and nothing gets recorded, forcing me to restart the app. Broken for now, will give more stars when it works for me. Also, what happened to contrast, color, and sharpness controls from CM?
I  took a pic from this after that repeatedly I'm getting unable to open camera error... And now  my default camera also not working giving same error can't connect to camera!!!  LG optimus G
For a work in progress, very  nice
Though there are still some bugs to be worked out, this is an awesome camera app. The UI is awesome. Once picture quality matches the stock GS4 cam app, it will be my daily driver.
My Xperia ion restarts automatically if I try to take a snap when image enhancement is on  Using rooted 4.1.2
Now this developing a camera app.
Works very well, only big issue is the pinch to zoom is extremely ducking slow. It needs to be faster and there needs to be a little zoom bar like the camera app built in has.
I was really hoping I'd like it compared to the stock camera of my galaxy nexus but it was way too buggy to be useful. Granted it is still beta. Good things are it is actively developed and updated and it does have promising features built in, but I think I'll wait till it is more stable.
I like this app a lot when it worked on my razr hd when it was first included in the cm 10.2 rom. But now when i take a  picture, it just shows a blank space.   Great app but unusable for me at the moment. :(
I can use it once but when I try burst shot it freezes. Then when I close focal and try to open it again if says "can not connect to camera" and the screen is black. Please fix I like this camera (I have a galaxy s3)
I really like the layout of the toggles and functions but the last update is only giving a blank image after taken.
I want this to work so bad but it doesn't.
The only issue I can see, is the display for the front camera is distorted. And it stores the pictures upside down?
I love this app. Much better than stock camera but for some reason the pictures aren't saving
I hate that shutter sound. Please add optiom to put it on silent or change the shutter sound. If you can put BlackBerry shutter sound it would be awesome
Hello. In "Scene mode" I saw "Augmented Reality" mode. And when I turned it on - it didn't do anything. So, what functions was included in "Augmented Reality" mode? Please answer me, because I'm realy interested in.
Some random crashes here and there on my Galaxy Nexus, and it's a little slow to start, but other than that all of the features work great!  Love the ability to switch camera modes so easily, it's so much easier to use than the stock camera as a result.
Easy to use and neat functionality.
I'm on CM 10.2  I'm taking pics but APP not saving them. When it does work 9 of 10 pics are out of focus. Getting can't connect errors. I get preview pictures on the screen on top of the pictures I'm trying to take.
Love the polished look of the UI and the responsive controls.  Unfortunately this app crashes frequently so I can't really use it.   I'm running CyanogenMod 10 on my Galaxy S3.  It's still in beta and  I'm sure I'll soon be giving it 5 stars.
Though I can't find the option for HFR mode anywhere.
Wont finish installing on lg optimus g
Looking forward to updates in the future.
Yes this has bugs,  but it's still light years ahead of the stock camera!
Has potential.
Not so functional right now, but with some of the bugs fixed and all features working properly it can be my camera of choice
I know there is a burst mode setting in there.... But incredibly slow on galaxy s4 (cm10.2). Burst on stock TW can do 20 pics in about 2 - 3 seconds
Though on landscape, the can is oriented 90degs. Fix that please. I'm on Samsung 10.1 note 2 n8013.
Nao detecta minha camera, a tela fica preta e nao mostra nada.
I'll give it 4 stars because it's a beta after all. Won't launch from lock screen (cm-10.1.3 stable), can't select destination folder (or even internal vs. external), and can't disable the shutter sound.
On my S4, the text for the guide gets cut and unreadable
And this app feels right at home in my Cyanogen based ROM. It's beta, and he knows what still needs work, but this also needs to have an option to kill the sound, like every other camera app on a rooted device. Or at least the ability to choose the shutter sound. Maybe I'm missing it.  Either way, thanks for the effort!
Well, I am running an old CM nightly with the Cid-icon Focal. I heard that they removed it from the ROM. Good to see it here. But video is still pretty bad, and choppy, haven't tested pano or Picsphere yet.
Amazing. I don't care if it's in beta still... it's replacing my current camera app... right now. Thank you dev.
Works great on cyan for S4 mini! Much much better and smoother than stock cyan camera. LOVE IT. Big thanks to developers
Very cool and well designed app, but completely unusable until it's more stable. Keep going man!
Lag city on my xperia play but takes pics and no force closes and on my one x its ultra smooth but doesn't take pictures and fc once you take a pic. All in all for a beta trying to work on all devices this a really good start and can only go up from here. Good luck to the devs.
I'm on CM 10.1 on the S4 and this app crashes every single time when trying to do HDR
The live view is rotated 90degrees. Unusable.  LG Optimus G Sprint.
My biggest problem was that we can't save pictures in external memory. Please fix it.
Previous version worked
I am a nexus 4 user and whenever I use this app to take pictures the picture rotates 90. It is really annoying.
It show images of objects in the inverted position 90 degrees at my tablet display screen. The results remained normal image, but it's still problem and confused because i can't set shooting normally.
This app could be the best camera app on the market. Just needs to work out a few kinks. When it does... 5 stars all the way.
Seems like it will be the best camera app, hands down, but not until the preview display is fixed for my nexus 4. I still use it with the display error, it's that good.
You guys are doing a great job. Keep up the good work. Works great as a beta version (Galaxy S4  - CM 10.1.3) Thank you guys.
Otherwise a great app, but it is really annoying that it mixes up photos taken with the phone in landscape or portrait direction. Was supposed to be fix for it and trying after update it seemed to work correctly, but today the photos are rotated again.
Love the app. Works as promised. Little bugs here and there but they seem to be fixing them. Will donate
I like the UI, but nothing is working other than photo shot.   Recording-just hang and cannot complete even one video.  Pano-the default is 90 degree left turned, so it can take pano in vertical way only  Also when it tried to prepare the picture after pano or other. It take  long to complete and the phone become ultra hot. I worry my device would burn out.
I like it as an alternative to what I normally use..  but it is still too clunky to be my main camera app, I'll be eagerly watching updates though
Burst mode doesn't work. It only shows blank images. Not here to complain but to report. Love this camera app. It has the photo with torch (my favorite feature on focal). So it's not hard on focusing to objects in the dark.
Have had mixed luck with this app - when it works it's great but have had random force closes. Also doesn't like to be launched from lock screen. Google Play Galaxy S4 on 4.3.
The panorama doesn't work. It turns the camera sideways and cannot take pics. Please fix, otherwise, this is by far the best photo app.
Not working on GS2 Skyrocket, CM 4.2.2.  Worked well before update.  Black screen, FC when attempt video.  Uninstalled.
Impossible to undo a drag to delete photo
Cannot connect to camera.. Please fix..
Right now it has some performance issues  and some bugs but I believe in it and it has potential
Please fix keep freezing
Works great on my Galaxy Note II. No crashes, no problems. I really like the way the focus works, and the individual settings are way faster to access than on the built-in camera app.  The one feature I'm missing is a way to set the image directory. I prefer storing photos on the external SD card. Not a major problem, though, would just be kind of nice to have. Unless I'm blind and didn't see it?
Prior to the latest update the app was at least somewhat useable on my Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket now I get nothing but a black screen.
Still has a few too many bugs for my regular use. I love the photo quality just crashes a bit but it's what's expected from a beta. Particularly with taking photos with hdr enabled shows corrupt photos in my gallery sometimes.
Cannot connect to camera.  Black screen, Focal UI is there, and pulsating circle at top right of screen.
Keep up the great work. Clearer the my camera does. Would like an option to turn tye sound off
Great camera app, can replace standard app and updates are really helping. This will soon be my daily camera app.
Seems promising but this latest update displays nothing hut a black screen. Not functional as a result. I'm also using an original Galaxy Note. Can only give it 1 star at this point. Willing to bump that up once this has been fixed.
This app is an amazing piece of kit on my Samsung i727, and makes the camera more useful than ever. There is a major bug in the orientation and aspect ratio though on the Asus TF101 rear-facing camera.  Still, the breadth of support for cameras and devices, and this being such an ambitious project? Major props to you guys!
Works great on my evo lte but I would like for you guys to disable shutter sound when taking pictures in video mode
Kudos to the developer for creating a comprehensive yet simple camera app. Few suggestions: settings need to expand to include where to store option, disable click sound, direct access to gallery from the app etc. The pics after taken appear at 90 deg left in gallery when clicked on portrait. What's the bug there?
How long do they Rendering for picsphere? It was so long, please Fix!!!
Looks really promising, worked on first open. Stills cam worked fine. Hung trying to save video to SD. Force closed, when re opened, couldn't connect to cam. Happy this is beta though... Will continue, report bugs and wait for updates. Stock GS3.
Good, sometimes crashes on Nexus S.
Works great on my s3 butis havingthe wrong orientation on note 10.1
not working on  Galaxy core i8262 (stuck)
Love the concept CNT wait for it to become stable. Also plz put it back in CyanogenMod roms
Kills the camera after opening. It works for a few minutes, freezes and kills phones camera until reboot.
Black screen after d update...
More bugs than I expected. App loads very slowly, and the default camera itself is slow. Focusing is broke. ISO is out of whack. Color is either saturated in yellow or blue. UI is twitchy and lags. The "Quick" mode likes to toggle itself on and will only turn off after I take two pictures. Dealt with that multiple times.  I realise it's in Beta and I'm not critiquing. Just providing feedback. So at this point I can't use it as all the basics failed. On the plus side I did notice there was less noise.  UPDATE: A lot of problems were fixed. The ISO, Focusing, and Color saturation. Quick mode is still buggy and app loads a little faster than the initial tryout, but still slower than default camera. UI is a little less twitchy. Can't wait for this app to be more ironed out.
editing pic is not working on my Note 2 N7100. Pls fix this.
Does not work on HTC One
When in the front camera mode the image is stretched, but once I take the picture the image quality is normal except it's upside-down. Additionally, you need to add a quick share option.
Man! I'm glad you guys split from Cyanogen. The camera just works better pictures are clean. Thx
but I still sticks to Snap Camera. Some nice ideas but I prefer the cleaner UI
Auto enhance does not seem to work, always fails and would be nice to have custom resolutions
Installed this to rate it and show support to xplodwild and his work! CM should have known better!!  LorD ClockaN  Getting better and better on m7!
This app has some good ideas, and works well Except for PicSphere.  PicSphere is poorly explained, and not intuitive.  The rest of the interface is nice, I love how dragging down on the screen brings down the picture preview window.  What I REALLY DONT LIKE, is that navigating this preview window is poorly explained, and caused me to delete a bunch of my photos.  If you swipe left and right, you are moving between photos.  If you swipe up or down, you are deleting photos.  I deleted 20 photos before realizing what I had done.  I thought I was navigating.
Xperia z cm10.2  Camera is great but single photos seem not to save very often. I get lots of grey images saved to gallery. Stock cm cam seems OK. Can submit log if you tell me how to do it.
I love this camera app. Great pictures and quick snap time. Works awesome on Galaxy S3 running Cyanogenmod 10.2 which originally came with Focal. Had to hunt it down once removed from CM build because of how much I liked it.
Works great on my villec2. Keep it up!
Doesn't work very good, not taking pictures just showing some kind of ripple effect on the shutter button without capturing anything. I'm still giving it 4 stars for being open source and because of the whole cm affair.
I enjoy all the functions although won't switch to video on my cm rooted gs3
Does not work on S3 with Liquid smooth ROM v2.9 Please fix.  Thanks
Taking front camera pics makes them upside down :s
Been using this since the very beginning. The development is going great!
Has great potential, with recent updates, photo doesnt work on nexus 4. takes pictures but it is grayed out in galleries.
Has a lot of potential, but needs device specific tweaks. Doesn't work very well on stock Moto X.
Freezes after I take a picture..and does not save said picture.
Please keep trying your develop, we are waiting for your best...
Nice apps..  Looking forward for more improvements this coming days
Image is still off 90 degrees on note 10.1
Could you please make the picsphere work like photosphere ? Where you just position the pointer instead of manually taking pics ... That would be great . Thumbs up for the great work
Feedback: Love the interface and the options available! The only issue I have right now is that the viewfinder shows less than what's actually in the picture and always appears in 16:9 when the actual pic resolution could be different, like 4:3. My Nexus 4 stock camera still takes a bit better pics, but Focal is faster in everything and has a lot more features!
Works well,  nice UI
Very good UI and speed but the front facing camera isnt working properly, its wider and distorted (galaxy s4)
Works great on my rooted HTC EVO 4G LTE running Meanbean Sense ROM 4.1.1. No problems at all. Only negative is the camera won't take continuous fast photos like the stock HTC camera will. But this has more and great options and now I have both :)
:)The UI is great I like it very much but you say that it have shutter speed function on sony device but I can not see this function .sent from my xperia z
Focal provides many more features and clarity over the stock Cyangenomod 10.1 camera!
Focal camera makes rooms seem extremely dark even though there's still relatively decent lighting, default camera app does just fine with exposure, using Nexus 7 2013
Love the user interface however on droid maxx it does not save the picture what so ever. After you take picture and go to gallery all you see is a gray image of what the picture should of been.
Nice UI but the orientation is wrong ,for example im in landscape the app is in portrait vice versa
I loved the CynanogenMod app, and this is great too, but crashes when I try to select MMS quality in video mode.
People shouldn't give poor stars to a product and complain because it's beta. The developer/s are tying hard and it's unfair. The product is also free of charge. If you're going to rate negatively then don't install beta software .
When I switched to aosp based ROMs ...the camera app was almost the worst thing in those ROMs ..now with focal ...I don't care about stock camera anymore. It's a bit buggy but I am sure that all the problems will be solved soon . I am reaaly glad to see focal in my app list.
But crashed too much to be usable at this point even for a beta not ready for testing. Will wait for a more mature version. Keep it up guys.
Crashes a lot, but has great potential, very nice layout...
May this be the best camera ever made
You guys are the best and you got my full support! On Droid Maxx
Crashes when trying to take a photo. Also annoying that there isn't a full frame mode, and that the screen shows widescreen when I'm taking 4:3 photos. Also UI goes off the screen.
Fc. Won't even open. Sgs2
Great layout.  Seem to keep having the same orientation issues with the Panorama feature.  Please address!
Excellent  app.
"Cayanogen focal" (old nightly) works great, after last update this focal doesn't. When I press shutter focal freezes and can't connect to camera again. Must reboot to use regular camera app. Galaxy s2
Great app minor bugs, when this is finished it will be awesome.
The app keeps on saying can't connect to camera on my note 2 how can I fix this?
The camera is pretty good, but there is no delete confirmation in the pulldown shade. I just deleted a few pictures I wanted because there was nothing saying what I was doing.
good for beta
Awesome feature set, but when I take a picture on my One, the frame is frozen on the screen permanently and does not save. So I effectively can't even take pictures. Would be cool to be able to pic file type/compression.
Even though the UI is good and rather quick, there is a significant difference in the colors u see when u capture an image whereas when u view it in the gallery. Quite strange!
Freezes and crashes when doing pretty much anything on the HTC One
Thanks for your hard work!
Works pretty well for a beta app.
After updating could open it once, then it just says unable to connect to camera.  5 minutes after started working again.  Can't save to SD card?
the app is far away from the prime time as it has lots of bugs and issues. But the potential in the app will make it the number one app.   Worth 5 stars from now!
during taking photo the display can show only 60% of the actual result photo. need to/crop out every time. #sony xperia ultra
This is a nice easy way to take photos. I only wish you had more time to develop the app more.
Can't Focus, always blur no matter which point I choose to focus. The rest is superb but no use if picture always blur..(Using maximus hd 13 Rom)
Please don't make us rotate manually every photo we take Camera's align not accurate
Love the app but in HDR mode it saves the picture as three separate images instead of one combined image.  I know I'm using a dinosaur of a phone (droid RAZR) but I am running  4.1.2...keep up the good work!
Start up time too slow pls fix it sometimes lag upon start up
I understand its a beta but the screen is just black. No picture appearing at a.	Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket Stock Jelly Bean
Beta obviously, so just providing feedback, there's a weird rotation thing going on with panorama
Layout and menu access adds to what is a very good camera. Fast response time, a good variety of options. Can't wait to see what else gets cooked up. Good luck to you, developer(s). Will pay for the app when that becomes an option.
Black screen with this update
Works great on the venerable HD2 w/ Slimrom 4.2.2 Build 8, I'll be on the hunt for bugs/errors via logcat.
Fantastic app back on CM, however, it no longer takes pictures on my CM10.2 HTC EVO 4G LTE
Better than the stock android app, and awesome in general
Will not take photo with HTC one stock...T-Mobile edition. Fix and will rate better.
Well done you guys from cyanogenmod keep on bring out apps like these and try to perfect them.
After last update it freeze my gs3 and when I close app and restart all my camera apps says no camera recognized was working great before update
Still shifts image 90  relative to actual pad orientation
Works great but pics appear inverted when taking a face pic (aka frontal camera)
This app does not seem to recognize my screen resolution. Image is warped on stock Moto X.
Wow...dad of all camera app...wont uninstall it at any cost...great work Dev...thank you
Crashes on XT912
Great camera app, I wish it wasn't so easy to delete pictures though. I have accidentally deleted some. There should be button on the side for deleting.
It's a total mess on my Galaxy Blaze 4g.  App crashes non stop,  picsphere barely runs and crashes as well.  Help! Latest update completely destroyed it.
Looks nice but unfortunately doesn't take pictures. Stock galaxy s4. It beta though. Will try and get a logcat. Where should I send it?
First update without crashes! Used to crash after taking a photo or after launching the app. No more of that, which is great. The other modes don't work though. I can hit the record button for video and it tells me it saves, but the app doesn't register when I move the camera and the image is frozen and nothing is ever in my gallery. Panorama is really weird - the screen is showing me everything sideways. Very disorienting, I don't know how to explain it. Keep up the good work!
Really improved after the latest update, still some work to do but that's the right way!
Please make it smooth on single cores as well ....its a great app
The morons giving this low ratings because it's "not a finished product" should read the TITLE..."Beta"... Beta folks. For an app in beta, it's pretty awesome, can't wait for real finished product!
Tried out this app based on a recommendation from a friend and within the two minutes of trying it, the app crashed 3 times. The last crash resulted in a hard lock up that I caused me to reset my phone. Very unstable app. Would not recommend.  Update: Tried this app again and walked away even more disappointed than before. Almost none of the features work on a GS3. This isn't a beta stage app. This is clearly an alpha build that shouldn't be in the hands of the public.
Nexus 4 running 4.3 and it works perfectly. I've only had it FC once.
Nice UI....but the screen is all "black"after this update......#PleaseFixASAP    I own a CanvasHD phone with Android 4.1.2
So far for a beta I like the slide out panels better than androids stock jellybean system. The finished cam should be great.
Read the title
Works great HTC One S 4.2.2 love the torch feature when taking a photo.
Needs some improvements but it's all ready very good. One of the best camera apps.
Lots of bugs!
Great camera app. Still in beta but works smooth on samsung GS3 on 4.3rom. Please add save to external.
When I used it in CM 10.2 Focal was awful. Separately, it's been great! Thanks for a great camera app.
Note to the developer: don't be discouraged by the people that don't understand what a "beta" app is. This is a valiant effort and I look forward to you developing this "free" version of the app
Ci sono crash e bug vari che andranno risolti ma in compenso ha un buona scelta di funzioni
Is there no work around for samsung devices possible?    Excellent developer response.  Got a response in minutes.
Full of bugs
I know it's Beta. Will not take pictures. Stock HTC One.
The whole viewfinder and UI is sideways on Lenovo k1 ideapad running cm 10.1.3
after updating, can't connect to camera. Galaxy s2 i757
Looks like it would be a good app but the image freezes every time I take a photo and doesn't save it. Menus still work though.
Very promising camera app, but most functions are not working for the HTC One. Looking forward to updates!
I take 10 photo with picshere and it stop in 55% The apps is very good in other things
Keep going dude,  your camera app is just great! Would be great if the app starts faster.  Thx
Great alternative to the stock Samsung camera and for free. Thank you got all your hard work dev.
Installed update and now camera  doesn't work...black screen...worked fine before except picsphere. I'm running slimbean 4.3
Won't even take a picture on HTC One
On a Galaxy S4 i9505 when I select HDR, the saved pictures are solid gray color. This is on CM10.2 latest nightly!
Great camera app!
Good app
Latest update reboots phone every time! Uninstalling! Last build was pretty decent. Great app when working. Please fix!!
Keep it up! Also, thanks for standing up to cyanogenmod.
Nice, but needs undo for picture deletion before I'll trust myself to use it. I've accidentally deleted some files more than once.
Great, but the auto contrast feature doesn't work on the S3. also, there are still tablet issues
It crashes a lot, sometimes fails to connect to camera, can't choose default Gallery app, and it needs a much better icon
Panorama rotated 90 degrees, and long press doesn't stop panorama. HTC One.
Very good job, I like the features and the interface. Still has some fixing but that is why it's in beta. Galaxy S4, the sensors are switched, meaning that when I try to take a panorama for example, when I go left, it goes right, and vice versa. Also the orientation is switched, meaning that landscape displays as portrait and vice versa.
Better off with aosp camera from xda photosphere actually works on that app rendering always fails on this app I'll wait for a more stable version of this.
UPDATE: photoshere no longer crashes, can't view them though.. but still can't take regular pics, viewfinder freezes. Would love to use this because the UI and feature set seems great, but pictures and photos here are broken on HTC One.  Pictures freeze viewfinder and finishing a photosphere causes a FC.
photosphere isn't working on Nexus4.  Its not working after rendering photo.
Good idea but derpy
For a beta app, its great!
latest version breaks camera (Galaxy Victory)
This app is really good. In fact, it is better than the stock camera app!
Great where this app is headed. Only weird bug is when using the panoramic setting on HTC EVO 4G. The picture is viewed horizontally when my camera is vertical, but squeezed within a vertical view. Turning my phone horizontally rotates the image again skewing the view. It's almost like it's doing the opposite views of what it should be doing. Otherwise this app is great!
I was looking for a good cam app to replace sense cam app b4 jumping to cyanogenbmod, now i've found it
Awesome replacement camera app
Pls do what you can to make my nexus 4 camera awesome it's focus issue is frustrating
A camera app that actually alters the way my phones camera functions. Not everything works or works the way its supposed to but there's so much promise that it will remain installed on my phone.
It DOES NOT take pictures! Literally! Lol)
...But HDR freezes, and I just end up with a useless 20+MB file. HDR doesn't exactly work on the stock camera either, though (CM10.1)
Too buggy at the moment to use as my default camera (crashes) but its getting better and better with each update. Look forward to using it as it gets more and more stable! Also pics are all taken upside down in my Nexus 4 and need to be manually corrected afterwards. Please fix this in the future
Taking picsphere on the galaxy s2 isn't working, it just appears as separate images, and before the update viewing the "picsphere" image didn't show it as a globe, jus as a normal image
All of the main camera features and camcorder features seem to work fine for me. The panoramic camera and picsphere mode are still buggy for me. The panorama mode locks the camera into a strange orientation and I can't see what I'm shooting and picsphere crashes upon rendering. Glad to see the devs are working hard on updates though! Very excited for the future of Focal!
Still pic loading fails.. And I see a lot of errors.. Not a final product by any means..
Very good app! My main photo and video.
My choice number 3 after the stock camera and camera 2. Sphere still doesn't work, however while being a bit buggy, overall Focal is a great camera.
Would love the option to disable the shutter sound
Pressing the shutter button does nothing. pointless. Htc one
I love the interface of this app!
Awesome camera app
Works as it should, just a few bugs while pulling down the gallery. Great camera app non the less.
720/1080p Video capture, on the S4  is completely horrid, seems it's a 4.3 image then squeezed back into 16.9. Photos seem Ok though. Fix video aspect please
Can we choose where the photos are saved? More importantly, when viewing the photos, seriously need warning when you swipe down and then the photos are erased! At least give a warning the first time then have an option to disable. Sorry to give you 2 stars for now but that was really not a technical issue you can blame for being in beta.
HTC one x takes picture but files are blank
I have a problem when trying to switch the video size to 1080p. The picture just freezes. Also when I record video in comes out all distorted with green lines across the screen
Finally the app works on my phone and its kinda slow but still keep up the good work
Force closes when taking a picture
I've only had this app for a few mins and I'm already liking it. Only thing is that when I try to video tape, it tends to freezes every now and then. Not a big deal because I dnt take many videos.
Works very slow but doesn't crash
Awesome app only problem I have is with picsphere which I'm sure will be fixed in due time it's a shame it was removed from cm keep up the great work
Doesn't work at all on the s4
Still crashes when recording video. Love the app but please fix
Still cannot take portrait photos. If taken, when viewing, the image it rotated 90 degrees.Unable to find any instructions for use. I don't know how to zoom or if its even supported. Don't know what the circle icon in the middle of the screen is, I am assuming the focal point? Would like to disable the volume up control taking the photo, mainly used to this being the zoom control. Biggest issue, no way to save to external media. Or at least I couldn't figure out where you would change that setting. This app has a lot of promise. Likely will keep installed and see how it develops. Can see this app being a 5 start, right now for me its not. Will rate higher as it develops.   ****EDIT....If I use the stock gallery, photo orientation is correct. Quickpic (my default viewer) will still displays portraits as landscape......
Wow. Who'd think something as simple as being able to drag where the focal point on the picture is could amuse me so? I spent minutes playing with it. ^_^ This app has a clean and easy to use interface and does exactly what it needs to: take pictures.
Neat concept.  Crashes on swipe to delete after the first few.  Also crashes when trying to stitch photosphere.  Keep up the good work.  Update - no longer crashing on with these.
My Note II running CyanogenMod. I am having difficulties with panorama shot. Its wonky. However most things are running smooth with occasional stutters. Can't wait for more development. Keep up the great work!
The fonts are misaligned on my nexus 4. So cant read instructions.  Great job
Crashes my phone when I use face forward cam. I know is a beta but there are defiantly better camera apps. I'll be back when out of beta because I like the features
Can't wait for this to become a stable release. Its extremely feature packed. However it crashes and freezes a lot on galaxy s4 so I can't use it that well. Definitely gonna be on my watchlist.
keep up the good work, Still a long way to go...But surely this will be a most preferred camera app once  stable and out of the beta stage
Way better now after using it in CM nightlies
Some features fc on my S2 4.3 keep it up dev nice work &  really appreciate it
Good job. Rendering for photo sphere could have been quicker. Otherwise good app.
The worst app I have ever  used. Nothing works. Updates haven't improved it at all. If everything worked as planned it would be a great app, but I'm uninstalling and giving up. Sorry guys.
Promising app...needs polishing though...waiting for the next update!
I mean too say i am unable to find the option to set the shutter speed and i am using sony xperia sp and xperia zr ..
Still a beta, but works great!
Worked for one day of use and then froze. Made my stock camera unresponsive as well as all other camera apps. Even after restarting my phone. Had to uninstall. Thanks
Good job finally fixing the rotation issue,  great camera app.
5 stars
Nice to see even though this is no longer part of Cyanogenmod it will still continue on to be what it was meant to be.
I have this and the one that came with cyanogen . wondering if there is any difference .
Beautiful app, glad it can finally be used without root or special Rom. Experiencing app not saving pictures I take on HTC One.
Working through the bugs. Noticed that on my note 2 in panorama mode, the image on screen is at a 90 to what is being photographed. Please fix and.Thanks for all the hard work!
The app is good but keep crashing and freezing every time on galaxy s4
Lots of bugs in galaxy fame gt-s6812
On a stock Nexus 4 the screen stretches left to right (while in vertical)
This app has probably the most intuitive and fastest interface I've used for a touch based camera, along with a host of great features. Ideally, I would like to actually disable the built in camera/gallery and use this app in conjunction with an alternative gallery app. However, images taken in portrait are still rotated 90 degrees in all the alternative apps I've used (QuickPic, Fish Bowl, and a couple others).
Picsphere works! It crashed not only Focal, but the entire camera for me when it was baked into CM.
Timesphere doesn't work on my phone!!.. It will just click photos and while rendering it crash!  Many times the app says not able to detect camera!  And yeah.. It crashes a lot!  Otherwise good app.. Like the interface.. Fix this and 5 stars!
Seems really good. Picture quality on par with standard camera, good UI. The only problem is that it doesn't remember layout settings on the GN2. Oh, and another problem is that it doesn't register as an actual camera app. But even despite that, it's really nice. Hoping for quick updates.
Its crashing on my galaxy s2 I would appreciate if you can solve it
-
Please make a 1x1 widget.
Great camera, it dues extremely well in close distance focus, but if you try to focus on something at a longer distance it miserably crashes.
Loved Focal when it was just a part of CyanogenMod but now that it is in play store, I cannot help but feel grateful for all the work done. Thank you!
Was looking for a good replacement camera app after I rooted and installed a custom rom on my HTC one. Gladly paid for the donation version after I heard what happened w the dev and the cyanogenmod guys.
I am really impresses by the ui and the feel. In my opinion, this should be a stock android camera! Keep up the good work!
Can hardly wait to see what's next.
My front camera broke on my galaxy s4 and it wouldn't let me take pictures but with this the error doesnt come up and I can still take pictures with the rear camera
Great to see this app here. I love the fact that when you change the phone from landscape to portrait and vice versa it does not rotate all the screen but only the buttons. Keep up the good work!
Please fix calibration I guess?  It's like it can't figure out which way my note 2 is moving.
Working fine on my galaxy s3 excellent apps.
The pictures look the correct. orientation in gallery then when you share them they are 90 off :( can you add a setting to change rotation offset
When though it's in beta, focal of one must comprehensive camera apps available and with almost daily updates they're knocking out any bug's pretty quick.   On droid mini, display (viewfinder) appears anamorphic but images are not effected.
I love your work and I hope you'll get enough time to improve this app.
Great app
I dont usually review apps, but this is so phenomenal it needs one. Great job, little lags on nexus 4, but im sure they will be fixed, burst need tk be loads faster, its too slow, it doesnt have to save pictures in between
Great app such a shame CM rom will miss it as default .kp it up
Sometimes it works, but most of the time it does not. Special when using manual focus in video, hope u can fix this and make it really compatible with xperia l. This app has a lot of potencial! Thanks!
Great work dev, just a few things to sort out. Not working on GS3: iso, hdr, color adjust.
All is working for me so a very nice app. Thx dev.
Awesome! But there is a rotation problem, all photos all rotated.   Also, the app allows users to leave when it is still processing and saving, but the photos will then be interrupted and cannot be open.
Crash all the time
Better than stock
Crashing after update
I can use the app but after one pic the app closes I have tried installing several times to no avail on my gs3 I'm sure since the software is still in beta mode this will be fixed
Flash causes some odd color streaks and its slow to load at times. It would be cool to be able to have the option to lock it on to the memory for concerts or photo sessions. Maybe descriptions of the scenes. Other than that, much better than other apps already. Cannot wait for the final result.
Droid DNA, S-OFF, CM 10.2 nightly. No Force Closes so far. Panorama isn't working for me. It doesn't record at all. Also, sometimes the auto rotate doesn't work. It will think my phone rotated when it didn't so the picture is off by 90.  Keep up the awesome work!
Good, but the FFC pics seem to be "squished" compared to the stock
I've seen this app in use and it looks and works great.. On some devices. On my note 2 it seems to be incredibly buggy, photo sphere and panorama are messed up badly, but I'll wait for updates and reevalutate my rating when its more stable for my device :)
Problem direct share to whatsapp,hangout etc.
All it says is :cant connect to camera , and than i need to rrstart my phone , i had another version maybe that i got from xda and it worked
This is a great app, and i love it..  But, there is a bug.. When i take a shoot, and see the result.. The result become 3 picts..  And still a bit lag when you want to take a pict..  Anyway, i'm using Samsung Galaxy Nexus  But, keep up the good work, i'll be waiting for the next update.. :3
Crashes when using 360 sphere mode for galaxy s4
Stopped working after the last update. Screen freezes. Will keep it installed. Appreciate the hard work. App is going to be amazing
There are some minor bugs, but I believe this app adds speed and functionality over the stock camera.  The photosphere camera seems to stitch the photos together better than stock.  I will have to take more for further comparison.  Very impressive.
Where are the pictures stored?
But somehow my camera is unable to connect to focal. Does anyone else have this problem?  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling again, but it doesn't work. Can you guys take a look at this problem?  Thanks! SGS3 user
Love it when it works.
So cool to see Cyanogen's newest and best showing up on the play store.
Shows great things come from the Android Community!
After updates, app is much improved. Team BBQ seems to be working fast, and keeps improving the app and squashing bugs. very, very good app- ESPECIALLY for beta
Great so far
Right now it kind of works, but screwed up the camera, and ultimately rebooted my phone. Camera works after reboot. Clearly a work in progress. Good layout and menu system, though. Five star effort, two stars because of the bugs.
Some things it does better than the stock 4.3 camera.  There are way more options for taking pictures.  It has built-in filters and frames and crap, if that's your thing.  However, sometimes it falls flat on its face.  Videos and panorama shots are still rotated 90 degrees.   It doesn't work when set as the default lockscreen camera if you have pin/password security enabled.  Trying to use the photosphere mode made it crash completely.  I have no doubt that by the time it makes it out of beta, this will be my go-to camera app.  But for now, I prefer the stability of the stock camera.  -- Galaxy S4 Google Edition and latest 4.3 firmware
5 star for defending free software
Crash on videos.
Thanks for the contributions to CM developments . Great app very much appreciated
Thanks for a great app especially since it's free and open source. It has a whole bunch of features that have been missing from the stop app and are pieced across several $3-$5 apps on Google Play. One issue that I'm having is the picture orientation doesn't seem to be working; let me clarify:  After the picture is taken, if you view the photo in the native "Gallery" app then the orientation appears correctly. If you view the photo in another photo viewing app like "QuickPic" then orientation is messed up. Also, when it shows up properly in "Gallery" view, when you email the image from there to share, the orientation is messed up again. I wish I had more programming know-how to suggest a way to fix it but wanted to make you aware of the bug and I do realize this is a beta.  Keep up the AWESOME work, and thanks!
Has potential but many things are broken like panorama. I'll reinstall this when the full version is released.
Too frequent crashes, including a serious bug that required a phone restart. Picsphere doesn't work like it should. Lots of potential, though. Will keep my eye on this.
Get work by developer.  With recent update it is my default camera.  Love it.
Sometimes it doesn't respond.  Previewing the photos will sometimes crash the app. Photo preview sometimes doesn't work. Sometimes cant swipe to delete photo. I recommend using stock android photo gallery instead of focal camera's own.
Force closes on the PicSphere and the video capture is gittery and the resolution is off on Galaxy Nexus. Looking forward to a later version! Good luck guys!
Love the app but I don't see any way to switch to the front-facing camera on my Galaxy S3
I tried it but it FC when I take a pic needs an update
Skvele, diky moc!
Loved the potential w/ CM. Now anyone can have it!   But PLEASE, add Save to SD!!!
This is a very nice camera. I will be using this all the time over my stock one when all the bugs are worked out for my Droid RAZR XT912
Pictures still rotate funny in the latest update. Also pics taken with front camera are off centered. Haven't had any FC issues with the latest update on my GT-N7100
Lots of great features, no fc for me (N4).  Latest update fixed performance issues for me v
Glad to see this on the play store now! Loving the more frequent updates!  Picsphere is still a little wonky but it does work.  It renders forever and some pics dont render correctly.   Camera itself work great.  Can't wait for this to be fully working!   Great work!
better than integrated app (prestigio phone)
Viewfinder is just a pink screen. Otherwise just clicks the picks good. hopefully will be fixed soon.
It's good, but needs to be more stable  Picshpere - The movements aren't accurate and it saves the different pictures taken when using it  Video - The video format can;t be read by my default video program (Galaxy S4) (I know, stupid complaint)  Panorama - When I go to landscape mode, it goes to portrait mode, and vice versa
Works alot faster then it did before nice work. Just would like save to external sd and would be perfect
Work well in galaxy s2
On the rc of paranoid android for note 2. picsphere sometimes works and sometimes crashes and spins wildly out of control. Needs more work. keep up the good work guys.
Very nice app and you(makers of this app) added features at large content at beta level which is awesome and great app.....)
Swiping up in the gallery should NOT delete photos. It's too easy to do accidentally, unless you add a confirmation. When all the minor bugs are ironed out this will definitely be my default camera app for sure!
it is almost perfect on my note2. just the center on the screen while shooting not the center in the final picture.
I also like how it's fullscreen, I haven't been able to find many camera apps like that
Keep with the updates. I wish there was a way I could inform the developer of other bugs such as hdr isn't working as it should. I'm going to be a big supporter of this program. Keep up the good job
I love the idea, but it just doesn't work. At first the picture froze, then a picture from my gallery showed up on screen for some reason, then it just went black.
Cool
Great cam app with lots of features and fast image taking. Now my camera of choice!
After every click there is an error showing "auto-enhance failed,original pic saved"..wth is this??
Not stable on S3..
After last update the app doesn't crash anymore.  So all good I guess :-)
Free camera app on the Play Store. This is what Google should package with their stock ROMs!
Please add save to SD card
Really like this. One bug for me at the moment - can't disable flash. I'm sure this will be fixed soon ;-)
Meh... It's another camera app.  I refused to use it exclusively because... HDR doesn't work.  Three pictures every time.  PicSphere is a hot mess.  Shutter button freezes when transitioning to video.    Not sure why I'm even giving it 2 stars...
I like it, but it crashes every time I use it no matter what I do.
Fight the good fight.
HTC One X: in panorama mode displayed image from camera is rotated 90 degrees. I dont know if this is correct behaviour.
After each pic, the App crashes. Nevertheless a great app.
Very useful thanks
I'm on i9300 stock..problem :   1. Auto enhancement crashed the app after taking a picture.  2. Gallery does not rotate when app in landscape mode.  Love the interface. Will be waiting for future update...
I have used many camera apps but didn't find everything which stop me using me using stock camera app but focal camera has everything even many more options which is not in stock camera.    Few issues I'm facing with this app which is auto enhancement and some time its shows unable to connect camera please fix this :)  Final verdict I love it...Highly recommended...
Love this app. .
pix tilted 90degree when focusing, they look good once saved in the album. pix quality is good, no problem in my nexus 4
Using acer a100, screen still rotated and distorted. Also any chance this will be made to work with 4.0.4?
Cynogenmod user...been waiting for this apps. Thank you so much :D
Thanks for your hard work in the Dev community and bringing this to the Play store. Off to an awesome start on this and only a few bugs on some devices that are getting fixed pretty quickly.
A little glitchy but usable. Menus were slow and force closes once in a while. Takes great pictures. Thanks for all your hard work dev! Galaxy nexus AOKP 4.2.2
Working fine on my Galaxy Nexus with paranoid Android rom 3.98. Very nice camera App. Try it.
Great start.  Sorry it didnt work out with CM.
The specs are decent but the quality is bad. It freezes my phone almost everytime the pictures are rendering. Navigation by sliding: totally a bad idea. And it drains my batery worse than any other apps. Bye, for now.
Camera launches but force closes a short time later. Trying to reopen it causes a black screen that must also be five closed. If fixed, will reevaluate.
The app crashes the whole phone forcing it to restart whenever I try to access the sidebar (cm10.2)
Very slow and clunky. And all around confusing at first. I know it's a WIP though so I'll give it a shot again when it updates.
All the pictures are off center to the left about 15% from what's on the screen when captured. There also needs to be a setting to turn off camera sound, or at least change it.
Hi. I have just installed this version and it stops everytime I open this app. Error message coming as unfortunately focal has stopped. After update it works fine...
Worked on my HTC One but totally failed on my Nexus 10 tablet. On the N10 the image showed up sideways and would consistently hang and crash.
Effects are buggy. Got stuck in neon. Good app nonetheless!
Takes great photos.  Unfortunately, they won't save.
Works great!
App kept reserving the camera ands could use it even out of the app.
Are out of screen on nexus 4
This app has tons of potential, but it's far to buggy to be usable even though it's a beta.
To view previously taken images, the required interaction with Focal is to swipe down from the top. This is bad UI design because it can be confused with the notification shade.   That is tolerable, but not this next "feature": Deleting a photo by swiping up. Once the top drawer is open (the one that shows previously taken photos), the interaction necessary to close the drawer is to swipe up. HOWEVER, swiping up ALSO deletes a photo, if the swipe started on a photo. VERY VERY BAD, especially since there is no "Undo". I was VERY upset at Focal for having accidentally, irretrievably, deleted a photo. (Luckily the photo had been auto-backed up beforehand, thanks to Google+).
No worky on my One X. Shutter button just pulses with no photo taken. I hope support for this device happens as this app looks killer!
Awesome app, awesome developer(s). It's great now, getting better with each update. And it's free! Good job guys. Can't wait to see how far it will go. The best! For the people rating it other than 5 stars: IT IS BETA! Some quirks are expected.
Best UI of any camera app I have ever seen on any OS.
It gives an error that it can't access the camera
Very good
Very handy controls. Lots of crashes and delays between functions on my note2
Just want to be 1000
On the s4 I get to pick manually what it focuses on. Love it.
Stupid responding every time
Great ap works well on new nexus 7
Works really well except 360 photo sphere gets stuck at 55% rendering
App crash from time to time but I am quite confident the final product will be awesome. Well polished UI,  more features than I will use ever.   Well done for keeping it GPL
A bit slow. And review but picsphere really works....
fcs in s3
It seems that the images I take are stretched.
All the basic features worm. Panorama puts my camera into landscape while panning portrait and vice versa. Also,  crash on photosphere feature. But this beta have amazing other than those two features. Replaced my stock camera quick!
After the lastest update.  Still doesn't fully work on S4. Doesn't crash anymore but also doesn't fully render the image.
Only thing that doesnt work properly is the panorama function on the Xperia Z. Besides that, its my standard camera app now, it starts incredibly fast! Pic preview can be better though.
Doesn't work on HTC one. Freezes after taking a pic.
Ican't Record video after recording the video gets green lines Please improve video Recording
Just a couple of bugs to work out, but this can easily function as your daily shooter app as it is already. GJ, XplodWild  :)
I have a Noir A8/ MMX A90s and i have installed a custom ROM. This application is working somewhat. It has a problem that text is not displaying completely (i.e, out of the screen. Can't read full text). Plz adjust that.
I'm keeping this installed on my S3 with the hope that the kinks will be worked out. Thanks!
lol and then doesn't seem to save it anywhere on the phone.   interface is nice and I look forward to seeing it mature.
Though there are lots of bugs, i beleive that the app will be awesome when the bugs are fixed. Keep it up!!
Good! :D
Never thought to replace the built in camera app with another one, but glad I tried this.  Using the Exposure Ring combined with exposure compensation and separate Focus Ring gets as close to Ansel Adam's Zone System as you can on a smartphone.  This feature alone makes this a win even though it is a beta.
Loving the app since last update. If you can add storage option so I can select where I want my pictures stored. Auto-enhancement is quite laggy. But in all, its an awesome app.
It is beta and flaws are a part of the process. .
Still a little buggy bit noticeable improvements in this update.  Keep at it Dev!!!!
Now shows wrong aspect ratio for picture.
I have CyanogenMod 10.2 and this app is better than the preinstalled camera app
No option to use external storage
So far no problems with this app looks so slick and  beautufil and is very fast + added some cool features for my phone camera  5 star from me :)
Overall, a very nice camera app. It's still a bit buggy (it is beta after all), but looks like it will become one of the best on the market. The main thing it lacks now is the ability to be the default camera app.
Great beta. 2 things I'd love to see are swiping to get to the gallery, and saving to an external SD card.
Still need a lot of improvement: 1) Add support for GPS location; 2)Cannot match Samsung I9100G resolution, app buttons are too large to fit in the screen; 3)The buttons on the Side settings bar become highlighted after being touched instead of being pressed only 4) unable to take picture on Samsung I9100G.
There's GPS geolocalization support
Excellent features nD awsuM app
Very nice. I'd like to see the ability to turn shutter off if possible
If that is fixed I would give it at least 4 stars, but because of that I cannot replace my old camera app.
The application looks great and runs well when using the outside camera. Crashes my whole phone when I use the face camera. Please fix! this would be a killer app if not for that. Samsung Galaxy S3 running CM10.1 RC3
En horizontal a veces , al hacer zoom se cierra.  Por lo demas genial !! No estaria mal en una esquina la ultima foto realizada para verla y si quieres o no guardarla.
Great app but focusing isn't locking on and I can't adjust colors in video mode.
5 stars for free
This is so much better than the stock cm camera. Pictures still showing up rotated in my gallery though. I can send you a log if you want. Edit: landscape photos are correct. Portrait photos are still rotated -90 degrees.
Doesn't take photos. Take a snap go to gallery nothing there but a blank grey picture. Even in the camera preview after taking a photo its blank. Used to work great when it was part of the cm10.2 ROMs
Please fix, I have sprint Galaxy S3 rooted running liquid smooth when using the from camera my phone reboots
Loving this Much better than standard stock camera on my Nexus 7. Everything  is working well, no force closes thus far. Keep up the good work!
Excellent
Highly unable
THIS IS AWESOME. Thank you so much guys, this is a definate win. I don't even need to wish you any luck, you are not going to need it. Just fix the bug that makes photos and videos to come out rotated and you've got one more supporter :) Edit: You fixed it! Thank yooouuuu im speechless :')
The only thing I didn't like about the past version was photosphere not working. Now that it has been fixed I can rare this five stars! Amazing! I'm sorry about the CM situation, but this is for the best. We have so much appreciation for your work.
Missing a setting, save to SD is a essential feature that should be available - galaxy s 3
Using from CM, on an HTC One, so we have some existing camera instabilities. That aside, it's a well designed app that takes a bit of practice to get used to. Lots of the UI is hidden, but long presses and dragging brings it out.  Currently, my only major peeve is that the captured "thumbnail" is not made from the captured image, and in fact, is displayed before the image is captured by the camera. If I move my phone as the thumbnail "zooms" I get a blurry pic.  Progress to be had, but loving it so far!
Nice app but the last update made pictures come out sideways.
Really good options and great features. I have the LTE Galaxy S3 and have had a good play around with Focal. No problems to report. It's a really great app. 5*
Always force stopped, apps deleted
1 star, cant rate a constantly crashing app higher than this, sorry. Uninstalled.
Works pretty well now, the only thing remaining is the option to save pics directly to sd card. Implement it and this is sure to become the best camera app ever
It seem like all the necessary features was there. However It always gives me 90 anti clockwise on my tab 7.7 running CM10.1. Because of this, it is almost unusable.
Seriously.. I think that it's even better than OEM camera apps. If I might to give several sugestion: 1. Please add the option to change the save location whether it's on.internal or external memory. 2. Please add the option to turn off the camera sound..of course the user should check wether it's against the law on their country or.not. 3. Could you make the program compatible to Google Nexus 7?.(the old one which doesn't have a back camera)  Thank you for your effort to make this good apps
Great options, but the image quality is extremely low and it is really blurry. Stock camera on AOKP does better shots.
It works well as a camera and the post edition options are varied. I spend 15 minutes playing with a picture just to see what it could do. I give a 3-star rating because the sphere picture thing (the very reason I downloaded the app) freezes and disables the camera. I have to reboot my phone to get it started again. I hope you can fix this. And thanks for the app.
Love the design, just wish i could save to sd card
Full app
No touch to focus feature, thats bad -_-
Force closes when rendering photosphere pics on HTC One. Otherwise a great app.
Great work there .. congratulations  Just needs a few fixs and rest all butter smooth
The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because it's actually quite a good concept while in beta. There are definitely a lot of bugs but when they are finally worked out I can see this being the best camera application to get for Android. I have a question though, there is an option to turn on the exposure recticle . Is that features meant to move it into an area which would change the exposure? Because when I do, rather than make it less bright, it gets brighter.
Works great on xperia S
Good work! But could not take a second photo. The first one stays in green color. Also, could not get the Picsphere to work. It took only one pic. But a promising and refreshing camera after a very long time. Took macros too without additional settings.
Except one thing, it seem that the pic quality is still a bit bad. Five star of fixed ;)
This is a nice app but I have some bugs to report. Whenever I take pics by holding my phone horizontally, the pics orientation is disturbed i.e they are shown in potriat mode . Also, pic sphere shuts down while processing the pics. I know that this is a beta version and needs a lot of bugs fixed. I'm loving the overall layout and features.
Glad to see it free from CM and on the store! Keep up the good work, better than the stock cam.
App crashes while changing photo size on my Note 2 running official stock 4.1.2
I like the app and its interface. Needs an option to turn geotagging pictures off.
Great camera app. the framing is working fine now.
The camra is amazing. Really terrific job guys. But changing any settings freezes my camra and shuts it down.  Changing hdr, or jhr iso or aby of that will shut the app down please fix then this app gets the five stars it deserves. Panorama has a couple of tweaks. For example on note 2 u cant conteol the way the camra is angled
Good now that force quitting was fixed in the last update
Does anyone else experience a bug where the camera preview is rotated 90deg in panorama mode?  Update 9/24: 90deg rotation is not fixed, not even after update! (HTC One)
loving the options available in this app. Excellent since last update still need to be able to select storage location. sorry i am not technical enough to help fix these problems but i will gladly test new versions.
There are many useful features. I really love it.
As a beta, this app is coming along really well. It has some bugs (random crashing which are occurring less and less with each update), but hopefully soon it will be able to compete with the Touchwiz camera. - - - A couple areas that need improvement are that the zoom action isn't smooth, and HDR doesn't seem to do much (will require more testing to see if it's caused by a fault on my end).
First of all,  thank you very much for this amazing camera app.  For a beta it's pretty fast.  Kool!  Please add a donate section in the settings so we can aid in its development.  Thanks again.
Looks nice, but works bad for now. Exposure correction doesn't work at all. There's some mess with widgets selection and appearance. No sound turning off? I hope it all will be fixed and improved.
Would have been 5 stars but on the my LG Optimus Pro the video camera the video is all messed up its green and multiple color lines in the video. Sorry but it's driving me nuts!
Seems much smoother and less glitchy on my i9300 than when it was in CM, this could well be my camera of choice! Go grab the donate version, it'll be worth it.
This is a very nice camera app and in my opinion it is much better than even the stock camera app on my Droid Razr as it allows you to manage the camera settings that are not even visible in the stock app. Many of the problems that I reported earlier have been fixed, the ones remaining are...1. Pic Sphere is not working, shows graphic artifacts.... 2. HDR is still a bit buggy... 3. Front facing camera does not have focus option... 4. No option to remove camera shutter sound... 5. Should also look into the option to store the images on memory card as well... 6. Seems a bit heavy on memory and battery but need a bit more testing to verify... Overall: 3.5/5
After the last update it's more stable and reliable. I really like this app... In automatic mode the app can use 2500 iso! (Samsung galaxy s3) picsphere isn't very stable, but it's still a beta! Five stars for your excellent job!
after the update to 4.3 i lost photosphere on my N4.  great to see it back with focus
Was eagerly waiting for this.  Hope we get a complete stable.  Even this is a paid version or Donate Version.  I won't mind. Thanks Team
I love this app. Only issue is the saved pic orientation. Other than that, awesome!!!  Update: pic rotation fixed!!!
The app and the look is nice but (and I know it's a beta) there are some issues that should be fixed: no focus settings, sometimes it won't focus at all with out a restart, not integrated as a camera app option.
Unfortunately this app freezes too much on my Galaxy Note 1 (running PA3.99) which is a real shame as the functionality looks amazing.  If the developer can stop it locking up and fc'ing then I'd use this as my camera of choice - but I have tried to use it several times and have had to uninstall it and reboot my phone each time.
While taking pictures in landscape, the orientation is not right.
Great free alternative to other camera apps but still loaded with bugs. On Galaxy S4 i9500, aspect ratio of the viewfinder is incorrect, photos taken get stretched wider than they should be. Randomly gets stuck and refuses to take a photo.
Nice app when it was built into CyanogenMod but these last few improvements have this made this my camera app of choice
On the HTC One, panorama, pic sphere and video recording do not work but there are a wealth of options. Hoping for bug fixes
This app used to work on my Samsung galaxy note 1 but now all it does is freeze, hang and I either have to shut the phone down. Was happy before. I am using Cyanogenmod . Would give 4 or 5 stars if this was fixed.
Having issues focusing, white balance (at auto) and brightness. Keep up the good work...will def use this once the issues are ironed out
Improving step by step, it's going better every day with the new uploads so well done
Fix it this started happening after recent update
Works great on my nexus 4, and now orientation is sorted, perfect. Thanks for your hard work, sorry to see you leave CM but good to see you continue your great work!
Potentially good app but pictures still 90 degrees rotated after 9/24 update (Asus tf700,  CM10.2).
Remember people it a Beta so expect some bugs
Glad to see this on the Play Store...for a Beta, this is top notch work...keep up the great work and look forward to supporting this app for the months and possibly years to come...
It takes the first shot but does not move the screen around when you alter the viewing angle. The first shot remains in the centre of the screen. If you pad again the next shot is overlaid on top.  Galaxy S4.
:)
The clicked photos are not upright.. They have to be rotated... Is there any way to change that? Also not all the past photos can be accessed by swiping down from the top.. It would be more convenient that way
All the settings work fine, it's just when pressing the shutter button that the camera FC's Keep up the good work guys, this will be great
It works perfectly and it has great support by developer
Lots of features,  just need to come up with a way to make it more fluid
Any chance of adding the auto focus feature from your old camera apps?
Just awesome
Very good camera app thanks devs
Makes my HTC One very warm when using this app. Not sure why but still love it. Great job!
Beta but bug fixes are coming in fast
Works well on my nexus 4. Great to see a fantastic open-source project like this. Great to see it on play after CyanogenMod refused to include GPL software.
photosphere currently force closes on the gs4
definitely better than aosp. great job. is there a way to make it the default camera app?
It worrks awesomely on my Android 4.1 Xperia P; perhaps it is the best camera app that I have tried. The only problem that I find is the shutter sound, is there any way to disable it?
Its a really good start keep it up and it'll be a sure fire 5 stars 
Always force closes on CM... I remember when this app used to be the bomb... Hopefully you guys get your stuff together... Thanks for the beta though. Just never go full out paid...
Panorama and Pic sphere sucks ..   Its on different orientation when you're taking a pic...   Lags due to many layers specially when taking photos.   Add filters like lomo...  Frequent crashes.  I wonder if the paid version is on different build.   One thing i am certain.. Great app as a start and i will wait for bug fixes and additional features.
With the update, picsphere stopped crashing and is working like a charm!  Great work
Works great on my Galaxy S2 Skyrocket!
For a Beta it works very well.  I have tried it on Note 8 and S4. A little slow to start off but once up it is a very easy application to use.  Clean interface and very good quality of pictures.  Pictures drawer is very convenient although I understand that some users had an issue with the ease of deletion. Overall a shining star and hopefully the working version will get rid of the teething problems.
However, when you look at previous pictures, it will show some that have already been deleted using gallery, and FQ if you try to edit them
This is a great camera application. There is a lot of attention to detail and thought put into this one. This camera application blows most stock cameras right out of the water. It even has a variation to photosphere on here even too. The only troubles that I had with it was the picsphere got stuck at 55% stitching and it was hard to know when you're finished taking the sphere when the dots still show and it would be awesome if it stitched after all the pictures are taken. (New Moto Droid Maxx) Thanks man!
Crashes on launch for galaxy note 2
Everything is working for me now except panorama mode. I don't really use it but just to let you know.
Dear dev, great work, but images in Panorama mode on Note2LTE stock is still incorrectly rotated, please fix, thx
Looks promising but doesn't work on Samsung Galaxy Nexus with 4.3 Paranoidandroid. Black viewfinder, impossible to take a photo.
Functionality is great, just a few bugs to iron out on Galaxy Note 2: Front facing camera will take pics upside down, and while changing some settings (megapixelage for example) the app will force close. I hope this is the correct place to report bugs if you don't have a twitter account :P but seriously great app. Keep up the good work.
Not bad, bugs here and there but it is beta. Hoping shutter sound options get added later on
Are there some bugs? Sure! Does that make me not want to use it? Nope. This is the same reason why I bought a Nexus4 and run a custom ROM. (B)Leeding edge software rocks baby! Want to play it safe? Buy an ifone.
Capturing speed is excellent but I need to change resolution every time which is so annoying...,and also flash is not working...., my mobile is CANVAS HD....
The app needs more optimizations. It captures images with less detail panorama mode force closing.after that showing unable to connect to camera
Changing iso crashes the app. Always. Nice app really good.
I'm really liking the direction this is going in, best camera app I've tried so far an only in the beta! However, minus the obvious crashes and bugs from beta, I do have one gripe: I wish there were more options for video resolution. Only have 3 right now. There should definitely be more, especially a lower one for sending MMS over text. Add more resolutions and I'll for sure support and keep using. Good start though!
Breakdown picsphere
Photosphere doesn't work. Lags a lot . Panorama doesn't work T-mobile stock rom 4.1.2 s3 t999 Not the lte models And when I take photo it has lines through pic uninstall
HTC one, people restart your phones after downloading! It helps with force closes.   I can't seem to find a setting to turn off the beeping sound when taking a picture. Also, viewing photos in the app isn't great, and no delete feature.  A bit annoying to take each shot in a 360 instead of just panning it around.
This camera is great. I have found 2 bugs for the galaxy s4 and I wanted to let you know. When using the front facing camera the picture shown has a stretched out width but in the final picture taken it is normal except it is rotated 180 degrees. I hope this helps. Also is there any chance an option to change the save location could be added? Thanks!
I still get the camera rotate to 90 degree when in panorama mode even after the latest update. It also force closed when went to settings. Hopefully most of the bugs will be ironed out once it's out of 'Beta'.
Always loved this app.  Works great on my HTC One running Pacman
Very good app. Some bugs and I know it's still in beta. Keep updating... Thanks
Easy to use and customize. Gives you all the adjustability you could ask for, yet still simple to use.
Doesn't work on galaxy nexus
great app . i like *---* thanx guys 4  he crash when select size imagen or quality video
Great app. Great Dev. Keep the good work and soon this will be the best camera app ever made.
Great camera app better than my nexus 4......but this app drains my battery I was shocked to see it drain my battery. I understand I had the open but still didn't expect that too happen
I like it but could you make a silent option? Totally would be awesome
Team BBQ has definitely created one of the best camera apps out there. In just a few short days they have gotten the app working on my Samsung Skyrocket, Love the work you are doing.
Pictures are really bad, cant access the gallery from the app.
Although it was really wonky on my stock HTC one, I see great potential in this app and would love to see it working properly! Really excited about this.
For a beta, this is an excellent app. I haven't done a whole lot of work with it yet but hope to soon. Only complaint thus far is it will not function as a lock screen widget on my d2vzw. Otherwise, although I'm disappointed it won't be part of Nemesis I'm glad it made it to the play store
every time i try to use it, my phone freezes, just a black screen, this app looks promising, especially than 360 sphere shot!!  i'm giving this a 5 star for the reason that it is promising :)
This is a great camera design.  However,  it currently locks after taking picture on epic touch with CM 10.2
This is a great app. The developer is super-responsive.  Frequent updates.  Gets better every day!
Tested on a Galaxy S3.  Photo sphere no longer crashes, but it does not output a rendered photo.  Everything is now very laggy.
Thanks for releasing Focal on the Play Store for everyone to use. However, there are a few inconsistencies on my Nexus 10.  *The camera UI is still rotated 90. I'm thinking this is a common issue with the Nexus 10Snapchat has the same issue. I'm thinking it might be tied into why the compass in Google Maps is rotated 90. Not really sure, though, because I can't think of any hardware component that would connect the two.  *There is lag throughout the UI, especially in swipes and gestures. Optimization is needed.
Seems like a great app but I can't do anything. I try to take a picture and it freezes, I try to take a video and it freezes. I'm on a HTC One.
Crash after taking picture.
I dig it
Much respect for this developer. Read his post on g+ I have lost all respect for his old team ;(  greed ruins all..
I wish this app have silent mode
Good camera but any option to silence the camera sound?
Way better than the stock camera easy to use I love it
I am passionate photographer and have been in search for a really good app to take pictures... This app solves all problems and makes it very easy to snap some great snaps... I would recommend this app to anyone who wishes to get good shots out of their android phone... Good work guys...
Good replacement to default camera
Should make a shutter off button
A million times better than the stock /AOSP camera app...
HDR needs to capture faster but for beta its working great on my note2.
Menu on the left  should have fewer categories. Once a menu is expanded it should auto collapse after a few seconds. When one category is expanded, it should collapse any other that is expanded.
Taking a picture turns off my sgh-t989
there are better ones out there
Love the work!  As a camera junkie (film, digital, and phone) I love the alternative of this camera app. The layout is intuitive and in my mind the future of Android design is heading in this direction. Yes there are bugs, but that is to expected with any betas.
Give it some time guys
Tons of east to access features. I'm on an HTC one for Sprint. Tried taking a photo in Hdr mode and I don't know how to save or take another picture. It just keeps the same image on the screen.
I have to hold the phone in landscape mode then back to portrait before the pictures start saving in the correct format.
Would like to be able to change save location.
Looks great but I get a package file invalid error message when trying to install.
Lol at your screenshots though. How about a better subject than your coding? Haha.
I've been lusting after this app ever since Cyanogen announced it. Great app. Very stable on my phone, especially since it's in beta.
Works great on Samsung G4 Google Edition rooted rom 4.3.3
Better than the stock Camera!
Crashing while rendering photoshpere on my phone
This is a really nice camera alternative, and I fully support this project now that it has separated from CM. Keep up the great work!
Thank you for your work. The app is amazing and shows great promise of things to come.
Great app
For all of who rate the app 1 star.  Did you bother reading the app description.  It's a beta so  some stuff don't work and it is crashing a sometimes.   Overall great app with great potential.  Keep the great work :-)
Such a great Dev team... They deserve some respect for their quickness ... If my bootloader was unlockable I'd install CM in an instant
Too choppy on a Nexus 4 over the default camera app. Has potential.
My Galaxy Note1 can't use stock camera app when enabled virtual navigation bar, now this app help me to take a photo too easy
I'm having issues with the app,  it won't open on my note 2 it crashes instantly when launching it, I'm giving a 5 stars for the effort of porting the app and working on making it well... Work xD  Thanks! And please fix the issue on note2 devices please.  Edit : seems to be working on the note2 now! Still some crashes here and there, I'll send all the reports ti the developer.
This app has a very nice interface but I can't seem to use the macro focus that I can in my default app.
Hard to review but loaded with features. Looking forward to a stable release.
When changing exposure it freezes, when changing color is freezes. Other than that, great start
Awesome app and great work.
Installed the application and doesn't want to open. Black screen. Please, fix issue
PicSphere does not work. Panarama doesn't work. And the camera orients the picture upside down.
I was pretty excited to try this out but it takes pretty bad pics on the Htc One. Not saying it's the apps fault (it technically is a 4mp sensor) but other 3rd party camera apps (even stock aosp) take better pics.
Also can't save to SD.
I turn the "torch" setting on and its impossible to turn it off again via focal.
I will give the app 5 stars when the front facing camera on a GSIII I'd fixed. All my pictures are being saved upside down.
I'm still figuring out how to use the camera but I love that I now have photo sphere.Keep up the great work.
Received 2 text messages claiming I'd won 2 million dollars within 5 minutes of installing this app. Screw that. Shame as it looks great but ads can p!ss off!  Edit: Could be a go-to app for me if option existed to change save location to external SD. Above spam issues appear coincidence.
It looks great, but there are many bugs need to be fixed, I hope soon :)
Nice work. Great camera
Thanks for bringing this app to the store xplode, I was enjoying using this app watching the development till all the Cm Inc issues started. Hope to see your app make good progress now.
A wonderful replacement for stock camera.
Thanks for your hard work and quick updates. I support what you're doing.
I  tried it on my HTC ONE but it FC when I  take a picture.   Continu your great work.
Can you put in a setting to shut off the sound?
Thanks for bringing this app as stand alone for us.. Love everything about it.. Keep up the great work....
Great camera app
After update. Orientation fixed.  Auto scene setting still overly saturating badly..
great app I've tooo
On the initial release, the camera could not be mounted on the N7 Flo. With only two updates gone, the camera now mounts fine, and I can take shots. There does seem to be some image stretch in the live camera preview before you take a photo, but that is a minor quibble. This camera will be an excellent replacement for stock, particularly if it continues to get updates this quickly from Team BBQ
I got an HTC one s with CM, and when I try to take a picsphere it tells me that it so not able to take it. Can you help me?
I was sad to see it go away from CM. But now is here for everyone. Thank you devs!
The photo sphere doesnt work on the s4 . it opens and it acts like it's work until you try to take the second pic
Like it already love to see what's coming up Keep up tha good work m8
The pic sphere" doesn't work on RAZR Maxx but I hope it can be fixed. I'm willing to give it time and see if the developer can make the pic sphere work. *crossing my finger. Doesn't look like they even attempted to fix the PicSphere with this update.
need some kinks fixed. on my razr maxx hd, the panorama view is off axis. ie when i do a panorama left to right the display i see moves up and down. Also the swipe away for features isnt too easy to do. i like the fact that you get to choose which features you want access to on the main display, then hide the rest. HDR should just be an on/off feature since there is no other option within the menu
Things have been rough for you, but thanks for keeping Focal alive. I've been keeping track of things CM/contributors, and your willingness to keep Focal around (even in beta, free 5-star rating for letting us test your app!) makes me feel all warm inside. Thanks!
Best camera app to date. Fast convenient and free. Thank you.
Great app
After flashing multiple custom roms (many CM based, currently using an "Unofficial MDM Build")  I had issues with my camera. Most of the included camera apps were buggy, on my hardware at least. A few came close but the rom would utilize a kernel which was not stable on the HTC Fireball (Droid Incredible 4G LTE). I was not able to find a separate camera apk which would allow my camera hardware to focus properly and I've tried most.  (Even tried the ported Moto X one).  So far this one has been the best, the focus of Focal is superb. It also rivals the exposure and sat of the original Sense software I left behind, includes all the basic filters, a lot of other great features, and an excellent UI.  Aside from lacking a selection of storage locations, and the fact the app doesn't seem to be able to distinguish if I am holding my device landscape or portrait, I personally don't see any other flaws in my situation. Other opinions may vary.  Sorry for the drama behind the scenes that caused the rift, but thank you for your work and for breaking this away from CM. Keep up the good work. Looking forward to seeing what comes next!
Image is distorted on front facing camera on galaxy s4
thank you very much team BBQ :) :) ;)
Is there going to be a fix for the orientation being off. I constantly have to rotate the picture the right way. Impressive how fast these updates have been great job
No longer laggy on my nexus 4. Thank you!!!
This is way more feature filled than google's camera app. Emailed Dev sent on some bugs which he fixed right away. Asus nexus 7 2013 Will pay to support Dev asap. Definitely worth downloading
Picsphere is the primary reason I downloaded this.  It's slow and the orientation is off, but it's a great start.  It makes photosphere compatible images!
Good place to start, but I would LOVE to see light metering options (spot, evaluative, center-weighted average) a la the stock Samsung Galaxy S III camera.
I have a sgs4 and picts sphere is simply not working.  Not reading gyroscope?
The camera launched, and then crashed the first time. Second, it would not auto adjust to the light. Third, the photo spear mode did not take any pictures. I'll stick to the default camera app for now.
My only problem is that image look weird, but after take a picture it look normal...
Was looking forward to trying the photo sphere function on HTC one x and it is sort of working. Keep up the good work.
Nice alternative to stock camera. As stability increases I will raise my rating.
Really like this app. Only thing this needs is ability to turn off shutter sound
Thanks for dropping this for us
After first installing this app I tried to see what all settings it had. In going through each of the settings the app crashed 3 or 4 times. I stopped trying to check the settings and decided to check the photo sphere. It needs a LOT of work. The image seemed really shaky so I sat the phone on the table and the image was still shaking. I lined up with each blue dot and the images taken were really off. The final product was really bad.
Last update fixed rotation problem.   HDR crashes app upon pressing shutter. Photosphere will not take additional pictures past the first shot.
best camera app out there, i love the separate manual focus and exposure adjustments.  However those are kind of hard to see on the screen on a bright sunlight.  And the photo isn't rotated in the correct direction and it doesn't remember the image resolution on relaunch (nexus 4)
It's pretty much unusable on a Galaxy Nexus on 4.3.
Is all that is needed.
...but it constantly crashes on my HTC One and in panoramic mode the image is rotated 90 from what the phone is actually at. Virtually unusable at the moment. I hope to see this app get better. I like the feel of the UI
Focal was great in cyanogen and probably better now its stand alone. This app has my full support and I've proved it by donating!
FC when i change the resolution for video recording...
Brilliant!
Thanks for bringing all the best features to my camera
After using burst mode my camera seemed to crash. Gives me an error 'cannot connect to camera'.
Finally fixed the rotation issue on my S4! Now I can finally use it to replace the stock AOSP camera!
Keep it up!
Everything works fine apart from Screen Orientation needs to be rotated,Burst mode is strange because you can't hold your finger on the capture button in continuous and also the flash after turning hdr off! I have to restart my phone or kill the app!! And the pictures it takes in hdr are not recognised in My Gallery!! Apart from that...Superb! Will rate 5 when these issues are fixed! Xperia Z Rooted on .244 firmware!!
This is a sweet cam app!
The only thing that I would need added before I made it my main camera app is the ability to store photos to the SD card.
Otherwise a neat app. Just a few fixes here and there and I'm sure this will soon be an awesome Camera replacement.  Was really looking forward to photosphere tho. :-(
Still crashing on original Samsung Galaxy Note i717. Says 'unable to connect to camera'.  Looking forward to fixes so I can finally try this app! Will update review when it works.
Now I can instal it with out CM. Thanks.
Lots of force closing issues on the note 2 but it is in beta hopefully the kinks will get ironed out.
Your app has great potential, although the sidebar looks kind of "stuffed" with text and symbols. Keep it simple, otherwise it is a very promising camera app ;)
facing problems like screen flickering when I am using this app, the screen starts flicking and flashing multiple colours like green pink, etc  I Am using CM 10 on my Xperia Ray.
I like the idea behind this app.  And also understand it's still in beta.  That is the main reason I haven't uninstalled it.  But when you tap the capture button on the HTC One all it does is make the shutter noice then becomes unresponsive.
Pretty neat. Awesome features, smooth and swift design. Works well with S4 (9500) except video. Th video shoots at probably 10 fps and very laggy. Need to add more features though and more effects. And most important the option to store into external SD. Great job however.
This camera thing will be awesome as soon as it's totally stable, minor bugs aside this app is the best
The UI of this Focal (camera) app is just AWESOME...Just add the TEXT SCENE MODE...
The first feature I look on a camera app is the ability to select where the photos will be stored because I store all my pics on the external SD card. No option for that = uninstall.
Excellent
Nice camera
Nice looking camera app, doesn't rotate to landscape on asus  tf300t, runs fine other than that a bit laggy as far as what's on the the screen to what's happening in front of the camera. causes reboot on Verizon sgs3 after taking pictures. would rate 5 stars other wise.
Nice and simple interface... But why can't I set it as my default camera?
But it keeps crashing on my GS4 with GE ROM. Can't use Sphere and photos come up sideways in the pull-down photo viewer. Sadly, with every update it becomes less useable.
It's pretty good, but I have a problem. If I set the ISO to auto, the camera preview is choppy. Only ISO which isn't copy is 1600.
Front facing camera doesnt take picture, Panaroma mood has rotation problem and Picsphere isn't working. More importantly, Bro! Picture quality isn't up to the mark..Keep it in your list of development.
Good replacement for stock camera. I wish it could also available on old Nexus7 device to work with front camera only.
Great to see the standalone distribution of this app.  It's a solid beta which will undoubtedly be fantastic when finished.
Everything seems to work on Asus Tf300t but the rotation is off by 90 degrees to the right. When tablet is in portrait the app is in landscape.
Go GPL!
Unable to connect to camera
The camera app I waited for a long time, perfect for my use !
Force closes when trying to render picsphere
Non functional
This app is a waste of time. The stock app takes better focused images than this app. Shutter speed is lethargic, color is dull. To many useless settings, not enough time spent on the image quality of the app.
Even though I met lots of FCs and things that ain't working properly, I'm still giving this a five star because it has the potential to become something great. I'm watching this open sourced app. Keep it up dev!
Works awesome
Crashes when rendering a pic sphere.
Working pretty well, had it from cm10.2 before it got removed, really an awesome app !
Needs a bit of work since the photos save in wrong orientation for stills, the panorama mode is very buggy, and the photo sphere mode crashes when you try and save, but otherwise awesome with tons of features.
Galaxy S3 with SRx ROM (stock) .... Point and shoot Pictures work Burst mode is slooooow Video doesnt work, frame instantly freezes then usually force closes.
Kudos to the dev for listing the app! Loaded with features, but the view is tilted 90 degrees on my moto Xoom... But I am on a custom Rom so not sure where the problem lies... My Sony Xperia P with custom rom has no problem with camera view, thumbs up to that!
really good, in fact. buggy though. well, it's a beta.
Tried to test out picsphere and just chased blue dots around. Won't line up, just stays between the middle two. Was better in the days it was baked into CM
Needs some refinement.  Also needs an option to turn off shutter sound.
on nexus 4
TEAM #GUILLAUME
Can't tell which way is up on my tablet. A700 Controls also appeared sluggish. Removed and might try again when not so beta.  I do like the planned layout and feature list. Keep up the good work.
This gotta be the best camera app ever. Thank you devs, this is awesome, just awesome :)
Good work...
Slow, crashes almost every time. Photo option works. Video works, some glitches, but mostly good. Photosphere takes shots, but rendering stays at 11% and Focal crashes.  I like the app, hope to see it fully functional and running all features without crashing. Good work, keep it that way!
Crashed while shooting in picsphere. Work needs to be done. Although a good app.
Like the UI and layout of the app, but it is currently too laggy/glitchy to use the touch and drag on the shutter button (sure it is just an early bug)
This app is awesome for so may reasons but the biggest + for me is getting rid of the Stock Nexus camera's annoying rotation lag... Why does it rotate anyway? Other camera apps are nice and solve that issue but they feel the need to give you a splash screen. By the time the camera launches, the moment has passed. That one feature gets 5 starts.
Thank  you  for your time and effort to make this app. I'm running it on a gallery s4. It is working fine for me. Love the way the pictures fade after the shot and the way you can pull down from the top to see what the picture look like. Good work
Its better than stock camera app !
One of the better camera apps available.
I installed this app and initially I thought it looked kinda cool. It seems like it has a good range of features and I like the layout of the buttons and controls.  However, before I could even take a photo with it, it froze. I did a long press on the home button and exited out of it, but from then on I couldn't use my phone's camera at all - even the stock camera app - as it just displayed an error message when the camera was launched. Even uninstalling Focal did not fix this, but thankfully, rebooting my phone appears to have sorted it out.  So, based on the fact that I didn't even get as far as taking a single photo before it froze and borked the stock camera app as well, I can only give this 1 star.
Constantly freezes, native camera app is better and reliable.  Note 2
An amazing camera app. sure worth a trying. Great job
Nothing short of a brilliant application event in it's BETA stage. Congrats to the developer.
I'm glad to see this leaving cm and being a stand alone app now. Will definitely use it on regular basis once it leaves beta status.
Very intuitive and stable. Especially for a beta
I really like the features such as burst torch and quick preview just from a slide without losing your subject	Great cam app
thank you for releasing this! your work was always amazing in CM. I hope that they can work out the licensing with you so it continues to be part of the ROM, without this app baked in, the ROM will suffer and I hope now that they are a company, they will still listen to the community.
I've grown to love this app and when it was removed from CM I was pretty crushed. I immediately downloaded the apk from XDA forums and installed it. I'm so happy to see this hit the play store with updates and support. It really is among the best camera apps, hands down.
Working like charm on my nexus 4 !!!
When i opened the torch mode, even if i close the app and clear my ram and end it anr uninstall it. My flash won't turn off untilmi turned off my tab. Useless app
On sent bien le cote "beta" pour l'instant.
Perfect!
Better with every update
Keep up with the updates and bug fixes, I'm a longtime fan and love this app, tks
Works the first time . after that it can't connect to my camera. My default app cant even connect. Have to reboot device after this.
Thumbs up
The PicSphere is not work. When I go back to photo mode my phone is restart. Now, I can't even open the app. I see it's in beta, but it should work at least 60%. But the idea is great.. keep up the good work! I hope someday this app will replace  the stock app... ;)
Force closes every time it renders the spherical mode. Haven't had a chance to test out the other features so giving a 4 star for now.
A very good camera app but I need to be able to choose external SD card for saving pictures.  It would be perfect if it had this option. Samsung Galaxy S3.
Wow this is a really well designed camera app. Love it.
Amazing, thanx for your great work.  But where can i find the Exposure ring ?
Cool bro
Samsung Galaxy Core When ever I open it..it crash & and also my camera won't work that time have to restart my phone
Hangs a lot on Note 2
Taking picture works great, but video only at 480p, havent tried other mode
Perfecto
Been following since early on and looking forward to see further updates
I'm quite new to the android scene, have bought my first android phone and was a bit disappointed by the camera app. But I love this one thou! Hope you will iron out the bugs and keep updating your excellent app. Thanks!
Congratulations for that app
however....  I can't see the button of using front camera... does this app not supporting front camera? and that's quite important thing to me... if ithis is solved and also the orientation of photo.... then that's perfect..
Which I love. Uses my 12 mp. But, no second camera. No touch screen capture. Noticeable lagging for burst and others. Picture crash. Cute interface though. Will download again when it's stabilized better. -Semc Xperia s
It didn't work on my GS3
Keeps force closing using sphere on s4
App crashed before the update. After the update, the phone immediately reboots on launch or crashes after trying to render photosphere image. Update has npt fixed this at all
I actually like this camera app.  It crashes from time to time. The HDR function does not seem to work. Like what the developer said, this app still needs a lot of work. 3 stars for the effort.
Perfect
the bestt app
While I loved the idea of a Cyanogenmod-exclusive camera app, I'm pretty happy for it to be separate as it's brilliant and everybody should experience it.
looks stable, lots of features..  will done CM
I can't record. That's the only one problem.
Crashes like a mofo
Expecting picture to be snap non-stop
Owesome
Superb app
Running CM 10.1.3 RC1 on my GS3 (soon to switch to PA most likely) still with minor issues. Looking forward to continued dev of this app. Nice to see a developer with the conviction to stick by his morals. The community will support you long after the failure of CM inc.
But the app is needed to restart to use the flashlight after turning off the hdr mode.
Suprised to see it in play store!!! Would be better if having a function to save photos on external sd card
One of the best camera apps, its very easy to use with great results
Saw you left cm and was sad but then saw it on play store and was happy again keep up the great work.
I have heard so many good things about this app but unfortunately it keeps stopping on my device, maybe because it's still in beta phase. Will very over the moon to see this app working at its best.
Great camera with every feature you could want, just 2 things I'd like to see changed.  Thumbnail seems to be rotated 90 degrees and give option to save to Memory Card, other than that amazing work considering it is done in someone's free time.  There is plenty of people out there who spend all day every day working on Camera app's that are not at this level.
On my Optimus G turning on HDR freezes app. Otherwise great app, keep up the great work
The orientations got mixed up on gs4
crap doesn t let me save to sd!
The regular photos works great but there is a bit of a problem in the PicSphere mode after few photos the app crashed, and in the Panorama mode when I am taking the photo the viewing is upsidedown. I am using the Samsung Galaxy S3  Thank you for you wonderful job!
The picture that you have taken does not turn the way you are holding the device. Further cool options. :)  Galaxy s2 (android 4.1.2)
I love this. I haven't had any issue using it in Nexus 4 4.3 I have tried panorama spehere. All working good
It has some real potential. The big thing I think it's missing now is the option to save to SD.
The interface and image quality is very good. But there is bug about image orientation, the image won't rotate correctly
I had to switch back to Touchwiz after CM10.1 couldn't be a daily driver. I missed this camera app though, so thanks for doing this! Suggestion - swiping down shows the recent photos, but it also shows the notification bar. Can the bar be prevented from showing at the same time? Or can swiping from right to left open the previous photos?
The best free camera app makes its way to the play store from CyanogenMod
Keep up the great work
Love how you can hold the focus rather than always auto focusing.
Really.. Really good camera !! Thumbs up for the developers, thank you for a beautiful experience.
Thanks for all the hard work.
Works almost flawlessly on my Nexus 4, and the latest update also works on my Galaxy Note 2.
Like that I can add the photosphere to my s4
Keep up the good work
with galaxy s2 and X-Treme ROM 4.2.2 it is not working but it works in galaxy tab 8.9 with CM 10.3
No probs on xperia s
 ,   ,   ,    XD
It's nicer to use than the stock camera, but photosphere mode requires the user to manually press the shutter, which should be automatic.  The camera on the new N7 is poor anyway, but this app has the potential to make it much better.
needs work on photosphere though crashed on my GS3 .
Fc on rendering  picsphere!
Looks great. Only issue I've seen is my phone couldn't playback a video taken with it and the second attempt to go to video mode force closed the app. May be my phone though. Getting a note 3 at the end of the week and will update my review.
feature full
Still force closes on pic sphere
How come the white balance control doesn't work...
Crash everytime when I try to take a photo, photosphere, HDR, video and etc.
Appears to be promising on HTC One and Nexus 7 2013.  ON HTC, doesn't take photos sometimes when shutter button is pressed.
I'm glad to see this on Playstore and continue working on this project. Keep it up!
I wasn't looking for much, but this app is much better then the sick camera app on my phone
Nice app, has very good potential for replacing the built in camera app	I installed it on a HTC One X+.   Some things I took note:   1. The swipe selection for modes (panorama, video etc) is slow and unresponsive (like UI lag) but the side bar options are very responsive in the same instance.  2. ISO options are not available?  3. Color adjustments - the sliders are chopped into half and not usable.  4. When taking a picture seems a bit sluggish
I enjoy the app even beta support this app 8)
Works but when you go to use picsphere it crashes... Sgs3
It's good to see this here!
As it is a beta I scored it with 5 as it has the potential to deserve it. Problems on A860L with s/w version S1234160 were:  Text cut off at edge of screen (unreadably so). Photosphere mode fails to take pictures.
Mr. Franco, I couldn't agree with you more
and it has just begun! Only, ONLY thing I would like to add its a shutter silent mode (yet the shutter sound in this thing is waaay less annoying than the stock camera)
Thumbs up for XplodWild
All pitch black on Galaxy Nexus
5 stars if they sort the bugs
What would push to 5 would be able to store to SD card.
Beta is a funny place, never quite know what you have. Doesn't work on my Galaxy 3-keeps closing app. I think once they figure out all the bugs, this should be a must have app.
I have a Galaxy S3 running Cyanogenmod. First capture froze the application so I exited. Tried to restart the app but said camera error. Used the CM10 camera then same error popped up. Will reinstall once more updates become available
Orientation is always wrong.
On a galaxy s 4, and the orientation of all my pictures is flipped for some reason. But the app and its interface are well done.
On my Moto X, I seem to be having an issue where the viewfinder is "squished" horizontally. I think it's because the such moto x camera uses full screen and this just blacks out the navigation buttons.
This is really an amazing application. Loaded with features. Unfortunately, on my HTC one X, it rotates the pictures 90 off of what they should be, which makes review and editing more tedious.
Its working well on my Sprint Galaxy Nexus.  No complaints as of yet.
This is a amazing project , people!!!! Seriously this team had developed a camera that rivals the AOSP camera and honestly is better. We just need more work on it so we can get it from beta. I for one love it and I can't wait until thus baby gets dictated or just a but more stable. If it was full stable I works have given every star I could pull from the sky. ;)
A much needed improvement to the play store. This is an excellent choice for a camera app.
After installing the latest update the app still crashes on note 2.disappointing :(
Thank you for staying GPL!
Needs some stuff fixed. Camera has kinky knew orientation - landscape. Can't turn off sound. Can't choose where to save photos. Will try this app again when it's more polished.
Works with a few glitchy points.  But great start for a beta!!!  and for those giving this a one start your morons!!! Its BETA so it might not work but that doesn't justify a one star!
An application for applied science. O yea Google plus #autoawesome Thanks for the work.
Thanks! And keep up the good work!  No complaints while using daily on my Samsung Galaxy S3
Make a paid version. Go pro. Works flawlessly on my SGS3
It's beta software, so here are a few bug reports: HJR freezes the image but not the app, HDR captures three images with different exposures but does not stitch them, flash manually on for a bright scene doesn't fire the flash but flash fires when the menu is accessed again. Stock i9305. Good luck!
Still crashes on picsphear and panorama views.  Fix and will get 5 stars!!  Tmobile gs4
Orientation is screwed up on my galaxy nexus and overall ui is a little laggy, i hope these get fixed because this has potential!
Can u put in features like those found in S4 : sound n shot, dual recording, making animated pics........
Great app
Won't work on my note2
Great features.  Gain way too low on Nexus 7 with CM 10.2.  Gain fine on Galaxy Nexus with CM 10.2.
Awesome app
Great newbie app
Lots of features but the abaility to save to sd card would be awesome.
For all the baby niggles, I appreciate the effort of a true developer.
I have tested the app again and works fine, I'm pretty sure that new features are on the way, thanks for support this project.
It crashed every time I opened it. When I then went to use my stock camera app, it also wouldn't work. It kept saying camera failed. I had to restart my phone to get my stock camera working again. Uninstalled
Cannot take picture on Xpera L stock rom, camera freeze, but still can change setting.
Thank you for this app
There are some crash issues with the PicSphere on the Galaxy S3. Other than that, the app is pretty smooth.
If I frame the picture a certain way, it shouldn't come out drastically different then how I composed it.
On my Nexus 4, orientation had been wrong since day one, making app unusable.
HTC one.
Better than the moto X camera but if I take a pic in landscape it shows up portrait and vise versa.
Ok,  finally opening and working great. Only thing is that all pics go into both galleries sideways. The 5th star lights up when corrected.  Thanks.
Force closes and takes too long to process
Good camera app. After a few tweaks the final product should be great
Love the sphere mode Works very well on my Galaxy S4
Optimus G Pro, app crashes force closes and then can not connect to camera..
No option to store on device or card, but this is definitely on the right track. Will stick with this awhile and hope they get the bugs out. Can't watch to see what out of beta will bring!
Many thanks
Just will not work! sphere photo not proscessing at all. This would be the only reason to have this app! Nice try but....Failed!!!!
Latest update means I can now take a photo without it crashing! Dev is one of the best around..  when finished this will be my #1 camera app by miles.
Work great on s3 stock rom from samsung.
it work on  LG Optimus 4X HD p880 now but in video mode it doesn't record well and after i finished it force close
It's perfectly usable, but the UI seems pretty hit and miss. It could just be me as I personally have never used Cyan, but it is a pretty good App regardless.
Great app. Works well on Xperia Z.
Seems to be bugs, but it is in beta. The orientation is wrong so basically un usable. Also after taking pictures and closing the app, then going back in it will not take pictures again.  I guess I will need to re boot my phone.  Had it installed all of 3 minutes.
As is, all that's missing is the option to save to external SD card. Otherwise it's pretty darn good on my S3. Actually more stable than when I used it in CM10.2 which shows that work is definitely being done. Keep up the good work!!! :)
Still needs more work good to see how far it has come. Works well.
It doesn't work to my phone. .    :-(  I couldn't take one single photo. ..
Still figuring out all of the options, but really excited to have this camera app available!
Glad this app can be used without Cyanogen Mod and still sticks to the core of XDA and open source
Nice UI but completely unusable on S4 with issues in orientation and non functioning panorama/photo sphere.
And still a beta version!
Not bad. But not good either. Its still in beta and I can't wait to see this thing a few months from now
Working now on Galaxy II(Virgin Mobile Flavor)/Epic 4G Touch running Stock rooted 4.1.2 GB28 Kernel( after the latest update(Yay! And the same day I installed it.) but still occasionally crashes at random times.. Then when I click on report, the Play store stops working. It takes some practice to change the camera modes without accidentally taking a pic. Maybe needs a bigger area to touch to expand out the ring of options?  Thanks for your efforts. Working on the TF101 running 4.2.2(EOS ROM) with some anomalies. the settings menus rotate the wrong way with device rotation. They are always sideways to the viewer. Same with images. they are sideways. The front camera(Also sideways) compresses the image in one direction(House of Mirrors style). Thanks again for your continued efforts.
Fricken rocks my socks
One my HTC One (m7), there are a number of bugs. Maybe it takes a pic, or not. Maybe indicators are open, or not. This beta has some nice amenities, but I can't consistently take pics, so I am remanded to my previous app. I'd love to see this app ready for prime time, and would pay gladly for it!
Seems fairly stable on note2. Please add "store to memory card" and correct photo orientation. Photos in both orientations need to go 90deg c. Clockwise to be correct.
Works well on 4.3
Still freezes and force closes on s2
I have never successfully made a pic sphere.  Crashes every time.
It can only get better
Love CM!
Needs save to SD option and all of my photos are saving 90 degrees clockwise to how the photos were actually taken.
This is a good program however it does not work well on Asus tf300t
I run CM 10.1 on an S3. When I launch the app I just get a black screen. Nothing happens for a while. Tried closing and rebooting it a few times.   I know it's in beta so I'll give it more chances later.
It's waaaaaaaaaay beta, could have potential. Lots of force closes, glitches, and bugs.
The app just deleted three of my most recent photos without any confirmation or a prompt to undo the action.  The slide down action needs to be deliberate and reverseable.
I love the interface and the options but my photos always end up sideways. It was this way with the CM version too, but oddly it doesn't look like a common problem for other people. I'm using a  Sprint Galaxy Note II (l900) running Carbon. Any suggestions would be welcome.
Please add support for Sony's new lens cameras the Qx10 and Qx100 if possible.
It's only been hours! Love Android updates. This beta camera app has photosphere, and several other typically uncommon features. I love the full screen view and completely hidden UI behind the camera button. It's a little sluggish for now, but I hold out hope. Keep the optimization up for GS3 please.
Loving the app! However, it would be nice if you could improve the deleting of photos. A little bit annoying to try several times before I can delete a photo
I've been using focal as part of CM before dev pulled it. I was so glad to see it pop up on the play store. Thanks Dev.
Works perfectly with my HTC One S running Android 4.2.2 sense 5
It's a promising app, even is on beta is really impressive. The only bug that I found is the HDR mode, the image doesn't load at all. Galaxy s4 SGH M919 running GE ROM 4.3.
Has good potential. having issues with photo sphere being inaccurate and lining up. Panorama is backwards and upside down. (move left & image moves up) ..... Verizon HTC one
I wouldn't rely on this as my default camera but it has the potential to be so awesome. Happy to see an update already. Keep up the good work! (Four stars as not to misdirect the uninformed, 5 stars on a personal level)
Better than the default camera app. Great work CM guys !!!!
Amazing. Crashed a few times while I was on the settings. Please add support to save on the SD card. Then it would be perfect.
I can't take pictures.
The app takes better low light shots than the stock app on my xperia z, but the images take much longer to process. Also the app crashes when processing picsphere. The images are also not oriented properly and I have to rotate the pictures.
Rating five stars to make up for ignorant 1 star  ratings!  Keep up the work!
This is a fine piece of kit. Exploits the dynamic abilities of the GT N7100 Note 2. Keep up the great work. Thoroughly deserves the plaudits.
Thanks for doing this!
Congrats for taking this forward, we were lacking a good opensource camera app !
Spits out small file sizes compared to stock camera and chooses high ISO on nexus 4. Needs ISO support and in the case of selecting ISO 100 keep the viewfinder frame rate smooth. I hate setting ISO 100 and the camera takes 5 years to focus
Swipe down opens preview, swipe up closes preview... No wait, it deletes pictures without asking?! Worst design ever!
It's a bit sad to see Focal being cut off from Cyanogenmod, but fortunate for those of us not running pure CM (Paranoid Android et. al.). Of course beta is beta, and besides the listed bugs, there are a few more I've encountered. Video stutters, "PicSphere" crashes the app, and pictures come out upright in portrait and sideways in landscape. On Galaxy Nexus Paranoid Android 3.99 (4.3). Good to see you are still working on bugs, so I look forward to a polished release.
Much better features and better UI than stock. Video not working on S2 but I can live with that as I understand the reasons behind it. 5 stars when video working.
Downloaded for my Moto X because the default camera app has no settings, particularly annoying is that there's no photo size selection.  Focal froze when I selected Blackboard and Whiteboard effects, and crashed on me once upon launch.  Only thing I miss in Focal is the tap anywhere once to focus and then shoot.  Instead there's a double tap for simple photo mode, but I don't like the simple mode.  I just want to tap anywhere to take a photo, with my settings applied.
Good idea but it just works barely. Many functions force the camera to fail. (Galaxy Note with CM10.2)
I understand the beta stage,  Bugs 1.laggy 2.a lil complicated  3.some fcs 4.green/pink screen keeps flashing
I read through most of the complaints here about deleting images too easily and rolled my eyes... This is the same way that the stock app handles deleting images anyway, right?  I used this app for 5 minutes and lost 3 pics I really would've rather kept. The gesture to dismiss the review panel should NOT be the same as the gesture used to deletes pics.
Usually I like the default camera app, but I love the features and design of Focal. Its fast, feature rich and easy to use. Unfortunately I'm sticking to my HTC One X stock cam for now because our phone captures in widescreen with a 16:9 aspect ratio, your app I assume is capturing photos with a 4:3 ratio which does not fill our screen. & pics are saved rotated 90 degrees counterclockwise every time. The exposure ring is the main reason I want to make Focal my main camera app, but I can't yet. 2 thumbs up!
Excited to see more of this since I heard it started getting into nightly CM builds.  I'm actually glad it separated from CM so that I could have it on stock ROM! Holy crap the auto enhance takes better pics than I've ever seen on any of my smartphones!
java.lang.RuntimeException: Fail to connect to camera service Rebooting and uninstalling this app.
Tried loading multiple times to no avail.  Needs more stabilitr work.  Good luck.
Can't wait till this becomes even more stable
Unstable on the rugby pro and several modes have major issues. Uninstalling till it's more stable.
The best !!!
Love everything about the app but can't figure out how to zoom...does it even have zoom?
Way to easy to delete photos. Still not sure how it work's but I just delete 5 or 6 pictures. Everything is backed up fortunately... Keep up the good work and will increase the rating when its not so easy to delete pics..
Class.
Needs improvements but its in beta so I understand ! BTW any plans of forming a Google + community ?
Some issues with pick sphere, I'll keep reporting bugs :)
Superb app
Thanks for keeping this out of CM cause now I can use on stock gnex! Best part for me is the exposure ring combined with the focal ring. The best tool for taking indoor portraits in front of a bright window.
App is opening fine on HTC ONE with new update. Thanks for the quick fix!
Most gorgeous camera app available
It's pretty cool actually! I can't figure out burst mode. I turn it on, but I am still only getting one picture at a time. This is on a Nexus 4 running stock and rooted 4.3 (JWR66Y).
When I switched to PicSphere the tutorial text appeared not fixing my screen, and it crashed after 1 or 2 operations, feel like very unstable.
So much better than my stock app
Using on S3. Nice layout and plenty of features. Sometimes the double tap to set tap anywhere to take pix doesn't work. I wish there was just a setting to turn on and off the tap anywhere to take pic feature. This is one of the best features. Thanks for all your hard work.
Excellent stock camera replacement. All features are just a swipe away. Google should pay the developer and use this instead.
The UI is really ugly now. What happened to the nice looking UI that was in CyanogenMod?
first app i rate while downloading :). used it with cm10.2 beta. keep up the good work!
Unable to connect to camera
After the last update, its working on my phone now. Although, you should remove the PicSphere option in phones without gyroscope. Good work anyways!
my default camera is much better , htc one x plus
After the update the app works great. Keep up the good work!
App is improving. .thnks developer.
Its works good but I got one force close and the pictures come out blurry
Not as good as the original
Using this app, it crashed twice. I have no problem since it is in beta but I'm not seeing "camera failure" for the default camera app on the gs3 mini. I hope when I uninstall this app it fixes this issue.
The quick burst mode alone will have me using it alongside the default app.  On my Nexus 4 there are some functions that don't seem to work (effects, HDR) , but its a beta and that's what you get.
But every photo is in landscape???
Have been using the app, since the extracts were taken out of the CM build, the UI seems is much better now, and the app itself is much more stable on my Nexus 4. Will keep the issues posted on the thread. Effort much appreciated.
Im lookin forward to watching it grow :-)
I love the amount of options available, and I love how it's miles better than the Stock Android app. Whoever, on my GE HTC One the viewfinder is way off. It seems to be cropping the image. If they fix that, though, this will be my primary camera app.  I've been waiting for a good camera app to get rid of the awful stock android camera and now I finally got it.
I just updated a few moments ago and this most recent update cause the camera crash when in the section of viewing photos. I preferred Focal on Cyanogen 10.1x on my S3. I know you guys are commercializing but why did you have to take this app out?
Thank you for putting this on the play store! With my CDMA GNex, I've been stuck on CM 10.1 and was really wanting to try this out. Bummer to hear about all the news of late, but it's great to see this stand on it's own and available for anyone, no matter their ROM of choice. Great work and thank you!
Played with it before on Cyanogen for HOX and liked it.. this versions seems to crash randomly on ARHD 31.2 well for at least
Nice app works with s3 with some issues I just wish it will have some modes like slow motion  drama shot   Anyway all the best and I Wana support your work and hope people will help you :)
Will give 5 stars when the option to save to external SD card is available.  Thx
There are some ideas here, but the user interface needs a lot of work, it feels really clunky and not intuitive in parts.
(don't consider this rating as my final) Installed it.. In the pic sphere mode I tried to take all shots and while attempting to render the app stopped unfortunately. The panorama mode when tried the preview shows a 90 degree anticlockwise rotated view.. Not the real view.. Not sure why... Pls help..
Slightly less grumpy as i restored my photo from a backup... but the UI for deleting photos is way too  hidden and unexpected to be so destructive.  swiping one way browses photos, the other deletes them with no explanation or possible undo.  Love the app other than this.
It cannot be used a a replacement for the stock camera app. The images captured are grainy and has some image noise. I'm sure the cyanogen mod team will work towards fixing these issues.
It fc and reboots when using front camera on gs3 using latest cm nightly
just trying PicSphare.. but it's crashed after pressing long shutter button. (while it's still rendering) after all, it's very great camera app.. hope this fixed on release version
Crashing on note 2
Brilliant app.  But there are still lots of areas for improvement.
Very good of the Dev to fix 4.1 related issue quickly. Very clear definitions on burst and timer modes. Lots of options to play with. I wish there was a way to make the default stickiness of menus to go away. Focus is pretty much touch dependent and interactions with menus seem to change focus. Will see how this works out
On an HTC One gpe the panorama mode does not work well. It's rye first part I tested. Overall, if they get this out of beta quickly it looks like a great camera app
Really like the interface, gestures and features but I'm getting one chance per app opening. Really looking forward to the PicSphere mode.
Excellent work, working good on my Xperia z stock. Keep up the good work.
PicSphere does not work. Crashes every time. Panorama is out of orientation. :(
keep it up! liking the progress, and working flawlessly on my Nexus 4 with PA 3.99 rc2
You da man X! Your work is always appreciated!
Please fix it for Nexus4
Front facing camera makes everything look wide and stretched out. I couldn't find the HDR mode. Will install later when the big are resolved. So far it's pretty cool and very similar to the stock android app.
Still has no auto focus ability....forces you to focus....lost star for pulling out of CM..lost star for lack of auto focus
Using VZW Moto X.  Blurry pictures (which I see dev mentions is an exposure thing).  When trying to take picture, viewfinder stretches picture vertically.   Would be nice to be integrated with default Gallery (for quick access).
Love it.. But.   Crashes on 'photosphere' and numerous regular photos are just blank.  Love the possibility of what this can be!! Will keep it installed to keep up with the updates, but its to unreliable now to use it as a daily driver.   Verizon Moto X
It didn't work unable to even start the application to review it.
Excellent camera app with comprehensive feature list. Lock screen widget is functional, but requires pin before use.
Pretty buggy and force stopping on S4 (in Picsphere for example). Menus and controls and kind of awkward. Uninstalled.
Love the concept, keeping open source, we're better solving problems together! Keep up the good work!
Under the timer settings there is a microphone. What is this for? How does it work?
HDR mode takes three pictures but doesn't combine them into one. There's also a long delay between the first and second shot.  Tablet mode should show the side bar by default because there's enough room for it.  Auto enhance may or may not do anything. There's no feedback that it works.  Sometimes, it shows the latest (previously taken) picture in the gallery after taking a shot.
I have to rotate afterwards to correct.  Also, it always defaults back to 0Mega Pixles.  Other than that, I like it.  LG G2.
Pictures on my moto x are stretched and unusable
Please change the way deleting photos work (at least have a default setting to confirm delete)...simply swipe to delete without warning is very dangerous.  Thank you!
I've been using this on codefirex and it's amazing. Shuffling between this and snap hdr
I have installed several games, apps and none of them was this slow.
No crashes and rotation is fine.
Great looking app. Tried out some of the features so far and am loving it :). Also kudos on the quick fix to have it run on my hox! Thanks for that!
Love this camera on both my Nexus 4 and S4!
If you slide down from the top of the app it shows your gallery. Sliding down on one of these photos will delete it without warning!!! Argh my favorite picture is gone!
Crashed after first pic Android thes my native camera wouldnt turn on. I had To reboot several times for my camera To work again
I always get Focal.apk to push on system/app on ParanoidAndroid.. But now here it is free for all.
Amazing new camera app with its own 360+180 panorama shots feature!
Will 5 star when FFC is fixed for Galaxy s3
Great camera app....freezes a lot tho, pictures blurry a lot, and in gallery all the pics rotation is messed up....no matter how I take the pic.   Fix this stuff and camera will be great.
The app is designed really well, but unfortunately at times it randomly crashes and is never able to exit clearly. After closing it I noticed significant battery drain through mediaserver and after some close examination I was able to attribute it to this app. Seems like the app didn't exit clearly and it caused mediaserver to go into some type of battery draining infinite loop.
Very happy to see this app keep fully Open Source..
Cannot take a picture optimus g e975
Nice minimal design with useful features. Finally a useful camera replacement app.
This app completely wiped my camera roll on my Nexus 4. Every picture I had is now gone.  After taking about 15 pictures, I looked and saw that of those 15, 1 saved but the rest of my camera roll was gone as well!  And no matter what setting I had Flash on, it was always on.
After I take a picture it always shows up on its side in my gallery. Always have to rotate pictures, very annoying. Please fix, will give a higher rating.
Only request I have for 5 stars is save to SD card would be great
HDR borked on JFLTE devices.
Always wanted to try this but never wanted to go through the trouble of rooting and flashing so happy to finally see it on the play store..currently very buggy on The s4, when changing to panorama or photosphere mode for example the viewer just goes all funny ie when holding the the phone in landscape mode the viewer shows you as if you are holding in portrait mode and the image is also stretched ie orientation shown on screen is the opposite so landscape shows operator view stretched.
Though photo sphere causes crash. Samsung skyrocket running cm 10.2
Although this app its still in its early stages and there are some fc bugs the ui interface and options are fantastic and the widgets are a great idea. The exposure ring and focus ring is really useful especially for people that don't really know about all the settings. This app has definitely made taking pictures more fun and enjoyable.   Oppo Find 5
A little buggy, but best I've used
Crashes when i launch it on oppo find 5
Panorama is 90 degrees tilted...
Very nice app. Pictures turn out great except they are  rotated 90 degrees.. features are great n work fine.
Awesome
A great app by cyanogen team............. but need a lot of work....  seems phones with stock roms experience a lot bit issues than the custom ones........ please confirm........  and fix the issues..........  need exposure ring on my xperia acro s....
Actually works really well on my nexus 4 running purity ROM and hellscore kernel, works a lot better that the cm copy I'd been trying to use, I like how the options on the side don't just have tiny pics of each one.
Crashes on start up. Razor M.
Force close on note 2. I tried to installed yesterday, it said 4.2+. But today, it is 4.1+. Rated 5 star for this project.
Seems pretty okay so far - definitely a bit wonky (everything feels a bit unstable and kind of in predictable). This app just need some polish, and a way to save to an SD card - without that option I'll never use it...
So far so AWESOME. Take pictures with little delay and the ui is super clean. Can't wait to see where this goes. It has already replaced my default camera on N4.
The app doesn't start in the galaxy note 2 and told that app was closed... dont download bad app.
Working great on note 2 4.3
Itr crashed as soon as I tried to open it on my canvas hd. Plz fix this problem. I wanna experience this app.
Hopefully will be fixed soon ;)
gs3 on cm10.2 nightlies. Does crash on open, but opens the second time after killing it. Freezes when camera is selected. 5 stars for the potential. Will purchase a donate version once it can replace stock cm camera features!
Not working on s2.
Crash on Samsung Galaxy S2
It's a good app with a ton of features, but it crashes when you select image size for video, and on my Gnex Toro, it crashes when you take a picture at 4.5mp. In panarama mode, orientation is messed up.
Not opening in galaxy s advance. ....
Sorry to hear about the whole cm  ordeal but very glad to see your have overcome :). Keep up the amazing work.
A great camera,  just need to add the external SD save path then it's perfect
For those who say it doesn't work, read, it requires android 4.2..so it won't work if ur terminal is not updated. Looking forward for it to be stable, various crashes when you try to select scenes ecc ecc.. It's only great for macros right now thought! Keep up your great work!
Works great on my Note 2! Very fast! Better color now than a week ago. Loved the development and use from CM 10.2. Could use option to save to sd. Keep up the great work!!!
Downloaded and installed. Took one pic with the front facing camera. My phone made a horrible sound not unlike the one my old TI-99/4A would make if you pulled the cartridge out mid-game. The screen went black and I had to pull the battery to reboot.  So first impressions are not so hot...
Beta version does not work on Note 2. When trying to open the app the screen turns black for 2 seconds, then a message pops up saying the app has stopped. Please fix so that it works on the Note 2!
This has great potential. All those with negative reviews this is beta so stop complaining.
all the features i need WITH a sensible interface!
I was already a big fan of the jellybean camera app so I was a bit skeptical to install. Once installed and used, I realized that this is a better camera app.
Used to use it while it was included with CM10.2 nightlies. I got sad when they removed it, but like most of the people thought, it's available standalone :) Keep it up!
5 star for effort. When bugs will be fixed I'm gonna use this great app. Thanks man.
Poor app crashes everytime..
Works very well on S3. Picsphere does not work very well, but everything else is better than AOSP.   SD card support??
Sry to see you part ways with cm. Best of luck, great app.
Crash upon start up every time.
Only get black screen and  has stopped working. I will keep checking back  as it sounds like a good camera .
Crashes on start with HTC One.
Doesn't work, crashes on start.
Working fine for me running slim bean 4.3.
Crashes on launch on sgs3 on S3Rx 2.2 rom on 4.2.1
Immediately crashes
It is Free. No Ads. It is Beta.  The developer is not getting paid does it on free time.  Yes a few bugs, but I'm grateful that people make apps like this available.  I hate everybody giving this app one star it is BETA and its is FREE. FYI it does not work at all on my Note II, it force closes but please continue I thank you in advance and look forward to using the app.
Great start,  looking forward to continued development
Thank you for the fast bug squash.  No more FC on GS4.
Poor. It keeps freezing. After taking a picture, gallery cannot be accessed. I uninstalled it.
Please fix this app on the Note 2
Innovative?
Great camera app for beta. Lots of features! But it is not focus, always blur even I touch for focus.
Nice work. Glad it's back and in the spirit of open source.
Round things look like ovals
This app not working on my note 2 just pushed the icon and crashed please fix it wanna try this
Crashes immediately upon start on the HTC One.
Doesn't play well with gs3 running cm10.2. Sphere either fails to stitch or doesn't stitch properly. Pano is always sideways. I love the idea though, please make it work!
Porblems with Sphere on Oppo Find5 (but this is likely to due the HAL, so it will probably need some work) but overall very nice camera. Glad to see the split vom CM was successfull.
...and once refined will likely kick the @#$ off any other camera IMO.  Colors and pix are clearer and better color than my stock JB 4.3 SGs2 FWIW
Trying to render photospheres force closes the app.
Can't open the App on my GS3
Tried with flash and screen shot of computer. Works great, fast. Thats good, rotated in gallery. Not so good (annoying) but fixable in Picasa.  Thanks for all the good work.
Now I actually enjoy  using my nexus camera again.Thanks
Thanks for making Android better with awesome apps like this
Take that CM!
Everything works pretty well  except for one thing.  When taking a front camera picture on my Galaxy S3, the screen goes black and my phone reboots. Will bump up to 5 stars when that little bug is fixed.
I think this app has great potential..... Just keep the updates coming please
A great feature filled app
I have Jelly bean but this app doesn't even start.
On a nexus 10 the orientation is not correct, it's always 90 degrees to the left no matter how I rotate the device. But looking at all the features, I am very excited.  Keep up the good work.
Won't even open running stock 4.1.2 touchwiz rooted
I would have to say that when using custom ROM, this app can replace the stock Samsung s4 camera, which is really awesome btw, easily. Best of all, I'm happy that this app pushed thru despite all the shenanigans that has happened. More power to you great developer!
Won't open for me.
It feels quite good even for being a beta. However, I miss sound options (come on, my phone screams whenever I take a photo) and also a huge settings system redesign I think, the current guy feels too heavy I think.
On my VZW Toro the only complaints are the size of the slide out controls (too big) and the panorama preview going sideways. Anyway to get the in between shots for HDR to go any faster?
As a beta product I expect bugs and problems but so far it runs smooth and doesn't have too many problems. Keep up the good work.
It brings a many features from different camera apps together, with a good interface. Happy it is now available without having to install particular roms.
Obviously there are some bugs to be worked out, but I'm extremely excited to see so many options in a camera like this and for picsphere being available for so many devices.
I personally don't think it's quite ready for BETA . Seems still in an alpha stage. I am confident this will be a great app after it matures!
I was also disappointed when CM decided to drop this camera app. It's working great on my S2 with no crashes at all. Going to install it on my Nexus 7 flo also. Thanks for offering it for free and I'll be looking forward to future updates.
Promising
No option to turn off the shutter sound, which is a big one for me, as I take lots of photos which sometimes includes wildlife. I could put my phone on silent each time but this would become very annoying very quickly. I'm pretty sure a lot more people would use this camera app if it had this ability as a lot of stock cameras won't let you turn the shutter sound off.
not working on S4
when Focal I launch Focal, a black screen only showing the Shutter icon appears and after approximately 5 seconds it force closes (Unfortunatly, Focal has stopped)
I know it's still beta, so I'm patiently waiting for the fixes. App crashes when you long press to complete a picsphere.
It has lots of potential, it'll be especially nice-to-have for people running aosp based phones.   Focal has every feature you'd want in a camera app, but the photos' orientation is wrong,  on my HTC One at least.   Since taking usable photos is a core requirement of a camera app, that deducts two stars.
Works great, except the images save in the wrong rotation.
Aaand its open sauce
But I guess it's in beta after all.
Picsphere doesn't work. Viewfinder kept on moving and I couldn't get a fix. Took a few shots but the rendered picture came out blurred. Uninstalled. Btw, I'm on T0lte.
Seems to work well on my H TC One. I am stock. The only issue I see is that it made the phone very hot, very quickly... Jumped from 78 f to 95 f in five minutes...
Crash as soon as I open it please fix. Gave 3 stars so I won't lower the score of this great app but please work on an fix :D
This is going to be huge! Sorry to see you parting ways with CM. It's buggy and mostly non-functional right now, but I'm sure it will improve over time. Wish you the best, xplod!
Good aps. But when u wanna make a sphere photo in renderibg mode it crashes and stop working
Very good
When i'm in landscape the app goes on portrait and when I'm in portrait the app goes on landscape...
This camera app should replace the stock android app. Yes, it's that good!
I tapped to focus and a slide with my photos appeared. I tried to move it and it deleted my last photo! Thank God is out of CM...never worth it...
Downloaded this just a moment ago to great disappointment. Extremely laggy, non functional at times and has force closed on first startup. Not a good start guys. Updates required.
Truly deserves 5 stars
It works for more than 2 seconds. I sent an error report so hopefully it gets fixed soon
.. But really needs save to SD card option.
Superb L
loads of crashes and force closes for galaxy note 1 please fix really an amazing app Running Pa 2.9+ Not taking picture at all and after force closing if i open it says camera not accessible and even causes the default camera app to disconnect
Amazing app by an amazing dev!!  Thanks for sharing on the Play Store mate :-)
Great to see it as a stand alone App. Otherwise I would really miss it. The new "pin on" feature is very welcome for the burst mode.
The rotation is allways way off, nexus 10 and oppo find 5. Both of them
There are problems with the Galaxy S4, forcibly shut down
This is going to be the best camera app.
liked the features put out by the developer ..
Wow. Take a note Android devs.
Nexus 7 second gen. Pictures taken are flipped sideways while controls are the right side up. Force closed first time I tried to take a picture but I reopened and it was fine other than the sideways shots. I'm keeping this to follow the updates
1. crashed during processing of photosphere. 2. no quick preview of the last taken picture.
There's some when needed by it'll work
For a beta.
Unfortunately force closes. Currently running 4.2.2 hopefully gets ironed out soon. Great potential though.
Sometimes app crashes when I go from portret mode to landscape. And when I go to settings it crashes sometimes.
I'm really happy that this app has been taken of Cyanogenmod, it was the right thing to do.
It crashes 2 seconds after opening.  Would love to use it
Promising but needs work. First use, none of the effects, adjustments or flash light did anything.  2nd use all seemed fine but after choosing the whiteboard effect, it got all funky and force closed.  Now my camera app and this app cannot connect to camera & flash is permanently lit!   Reboot in order.
great app but there is work to do.
Bug: Photo Sphere keeps rotating constantly. N7100 / CM 10.2
The functionality this gives is great however on the Nexus 4 when switching to panorama it force closes and somehow stops the phone from connecting to the camera (even with the stock camera app).
A lot of options,  but sometimes slower than the stock app. Good cam!
Nice Mod.. I feel sorry abt wat cynogenmod did to u:'(
Works very well on supernexus 4.2.2 aosp ROM. 5 star.
Great app, needs some work for HTC One Video settings but I am sure this will be fixed soon.
This is amazing! I couldn't ask for more!
Awesome
it's only displaying the pics properly when taken in portrait mode. otherwise it displays them sideways in the gallery.
Thanks for the contribution and continuing your work on this post-cm. People the app will improve with time positive feedback on this FREE app would be more helpful.
But is definitely on its way to the top of its class
FC crashed Samsung S4
Using CWM 10.1 RC5...can't even get one shot from it without crashing. Would really like to use this app. Thanks for releasing it.  Help!
It works great but I found a bug, the app force closes if I go to settings, image size while in video mode
Glad you put this on the play store after all the drama. Everything happens for a reason, even if it isn't apparent right away.
Could be one of the best camera apps out there if all the bugs were polished.
Needs a little improvement. 5 stars when that happens
Using it on my GPe HTC One. The app has impressed me so far. Good luck to the developer!
glad this is off CM- love this app! works great.
Didn't like that it was pulled from cm but at least now cm will make a new camera and we'll have both.
The photo sphere bit seems to crash out when attempting to generate but otherwise: It's one of,  if not the best camera app on the market even though it's still a beta. Great work! ***Edit: *** It may be crashing because I set the resolution to 12.8MP. If that's 12.8MP per photo and not per sphere, I can understand why it crashes. That's roughly 850MP per sphere (A tall order for a phone to process).
When you take a pic it is upside down
This app is incredible. May the power of CyanogenMod forever be with you.
Photos are shifted by 90 degrees on my N4 after taking them. Fix that part lol.
Full featured camera for everyone to use
Hope this app truly becomes De facto replacement for cameras on android phones.
Crashes and causes phone to get wanky  lg g2
From ASUS Transformer Infinity Pad
I was using this camera when it was available on CyanogenMod and I liked it even though it had some bugs that needed fixed. I saw lots of potential here. I am glad I can use it again because to be honest I was disappointed when cm removed it
clearly beta, and not that much better than aosp camera for now. The "swipe to delete" feature on the review drawer works about one out of three pictures. The movement is also not very intuitive - the swipe to the left is more instinctive, specially considering the swipe to right opens the option bar.  Edit - Nevermind. IT TAKES BLANK PICTURES SOMETIMES. And it's force closing on my S4.  This is NOT beta.
Accidentally deleted some pictures using the app
Was terrible when this was pulled from CM. Glad you're offering it in GP.
Still needs work and the ui is off on my tablet rotated 45 degrees off but the camera part is all functioning. Samsung galaxy tab gt-p7500 cm4.2.2 thanks for the great work
... But a question: on self-timer there is a microphone option.  What I have to say to take a picture?  Tnx
Keep on force closing on my GS4
There is some bug i think... Im using HTC ONE X, the burst mode is such as lagg to much between shots. And the pic size is only 6MP, althought my phones camera is 8MP. love certain features of this camera app, but not using it for now as 6MP, and the pic taken with this app kinda high noise and blur.  Staying with HTC Camera apps.
Looking forward to some bug fixes, sorry to hear about your fall out with cm. They don't know what they lost
I removed CM and installed Focal.
Thank you
=) looking better and better
Much more user friendly and takes better quality pictures too.  So intuitive to use. Highly recommended, even in Beta.
Excellent interface, brilliant design. Still buggy, but that's to be expected from an early release. Thanks for the play store release!
Best camera app on the market
Noticed the app desapeared from cyano. Then i read about the issue. Good app
The app is quite buggy on the Galaxy Nexus and when taking pictures the app force closes immediately no matter what setting I put it on. However since this is still in beta I will give it the benefit of the doubt, will raise rating when I see improvements
Super Laggy on GNex 4.3
Appreciate you offering this to the masses after this app left CyanogenMod. Looking forward to seeing how this continued to develop and compares to its competitors.
Force closes seconds after starting the app.
Works great so far on the moto x.
So far my only complain is the size of the shutter button, is so small!!
Better than the stock camera app, but still a little buggy. What can one expect from beta? Hope this app catches on, and best wishes to the devs.
Thanks for putting this on Google play and making it available to people who run stock android!
Very buggy on droid maxx, but hey its the first release and it has a lot of potential. Its pretty much unusable for now, but i'm keeping it for updates since this is a full featured camera, and i really want this to work, since im on my simple moto camera
Finally a good alternate camera
'Well what do I have to lose?' I thought, so I installed it on my HTC Desire, and it works, some slight tearing first time I opened it, but it's been fine ever since, ( camera driver issue, not a Focal issue).  If it works on something this old, then it's well worth having, keep up the good work!
The app works very well as a basic point and shoot so far, but some of the features are still very much in beta. For example, on my AT&T Galaxy S4 the PicSphere UI seems visually distorted (vertically squished) and crashes on completion of rendering. Pictures also seem to be automatically rotated 90 degrees counter clockwise when taken. It is easy to rotate them in my gallery editing, but still an annoyance. It would also be nice to have the menu hardware key automatically pop up the settings widget. I will be on the lookout for my bugs the more I use it. I am definitely looking forward to the development of this camera application!!
The things I see through the camera get blurry very easily for the slightest movement. And reaching up to the top left corner for some options is very annoying. Please change that part of the UI
But not built for lower res devices atm (gs2). Lags a bunch, but still in beta, so that's expected
Been using this since it was introduced as part of Project Nemesis.  Had no problems with it on d2att.
Best regards to the whole team and thanks for bringing it back to our devices :-)
Great! Best of luck to you developer. And this app.   Edit. Seems as if the orientation of the pictures is wrong in the gallery preview for verticals
Great app from Great Devs.....thumb up.
It has a lot of potential! It's great. Keep up the good work.
Great app with huge potential to be even greater.
Good to see this back on my phone!
with all the drama flying around not knowing who to believe  im glad to see this on the market !!
Niceeeee
