It always shows error while logging in..
grt app... if u want to earn free dollars, use wild wallet and invite number 1744748 and get 200 credits for free!! try it now,i did,it wokrs
Super Cool like WordPress itself.
It's super slow. Why?
I am unable to login my account..  i can only use it by browser not by app.. Plz fix this..
I can't log in to my acc, "we can't log you in" == FIX IT PLS
Every time l make a post it says local draft, but it never uploads to the site so l can't edit interchangeably between my phone & computer. Update: l can't even log in.
You can only sign in one blog only.......... yeah,but the speed of uploading information is good....
If there is one I can't find it. While using the app on samsung galaxy note 3,  a botched copy and paste attempt resulted in an entire post disappearing. Very infuriating!! Will never write a draft in this app again.  Will write it elsewhere then transfer in.  Plus it won't upload my video. Says I need to update video press. Even after I updated the wordpress app.  Why isn't everything included in one app.?  Update: July 22 2015 just installed an update and now I can't see recent comments on the app feed.
Won't let me login so pretty pointless. Deleted.
I can't log in like all the comments here. Please fix it
Cant login on the app..but when I use my browser its working fine..
I can't login with this apps, very disappointed
Seriously. Can't you guys get anything right? Just one screw up after another. No one can log in on the app. Fix this ASAP!
I can't log in my blog after I update the latest version!! Please fix soon!!! I must create my blog!! I can log in website but can't on my phone!! Why??? Fix ITT!!  Many people are regret!!
Cannot log in on android app with new phone, even after password reset.  If I try to submit support ticket, it stats "Data not found" and doesn't submit support ticket.  Horrible application
I can't login
Can't login after downloading this app
Cant login on Samsung galaxy s4 with latest update but it's work on my acer lz160 with older version. Please fix it
Are you insane guys ? Stupid update and stupid error. Look into this ASAP
I cant log in but i can in chrome. I really wanna use the app.
How many more of the same complaints will WordPress get before they adjust. My login info is correct, but this app won't allow me to login. I can't  even contact customer service,  because that option is blocked. Very frustrating
I can log in to website, but I can not long in on the app. Why???
New update won't let me log in and then won't let me contact WP about the issue...
Cannot login
Please fix this new update. I can't log into my blog.
Don't know why a big blogger company like WP, creating such a damn s**** app. Just recently install it today but can't even use it nor logged in. Here's the app bug logs : WordPress Android version: 4.3 Android device name: Xiaomi HM 1SW 01 - resetting suggestion tables 02 - trackLastActivity, activityId: My Site 03 - Number of old stats deleted : 0 04 - NewAccountAbstractOage.onCreate() 05 - trackLastActivity, activityId: Login Screen 06 - GCM Error: INVALID_SENDER 07 - Server response:  08 - NewAccountAbs
I don't think I'm the only one having this issue, please fix it as fast as you can cause friends and I are using these for our art project.
I can't log in!!!!
Read the review abt not being able to log in. Decided to try my luck and now decided to uninstall... guess the bug smashing release got smashed by the bugs...
This app is useless now, am not able to sign in!! The older version was better! Wasted good bandwidth on this update!!
WHAT'S THE POINT OF MAKING AN APP FOR THE SITE IF I CAN'T LOG IN??? SERIOUSLY...needs fixing. I LOVE THE WEBSITE BUT HATE THIS APP
I wonder why can't we log in on this app, where as through chrome I can perfectly access my account. 'Contact us' option doesn't help either.
This is close to a compacted desktop version.
Can't log in and contact us is broken.
It's not logging me in on my Xiaomi Mi 4 device. I tried uninstalling and installing it back but still doesn't work. Please fix!
I love the site but hate this app because I can't log in to the app even though i changed my password because i thought that was the problem but isn't.
I can't login to my blog through the app.  The "contact us" option throws an error.  Why did this make it through QA?
It wont upload the pages i create. It also wont upload changes i make via this app which is frustrating!! Please fix as i have to keep going onto the computer to do what i need to via the website.
just need to update the post creator! Needs to be like the new and improved version on desktop!
Power!! 
I can't login my account in the mobile app but I can login in the website. So whats the use of this app.
Can't log in
It's normal
But today its not letting me login to my new blog i just created through the app. I can only login through the site. This needs fixed asap
I can't login. I just registered
It enables me to easily blog, read other blogs and manage notifications properly. Thank you WordPress.
Update to rating, After getting help from customer support, they were able to get me into my account was very fast with the response even after several attempts to get in, until they worked out the problem. Now it's not an issue. . . . Tried many times to log in, and I know the email and pass are correct, however it says they aren't correct! So disappointing.
Tbh the app looks great ... Alot of options , nice UI ...  But the problem is  , " I can't upload any posts to my wordpress site with this app " .... Gosh !!!! U guys kidding me ?  When I try to post something it shows "Uploading " for around 50 seconds and after that it always shows. " post upload failed : An error occured while uploading the post "  Even if the post contain just a heading and 3 lines of content ( no media files ) the result is same.  For gods sake , plz fix this bug ASAP.
It's a blog and photo album for me! It's connected to most of my social networks so I can get my work out there quickly ^_^ easy to use too
Tha hle mai
Creating blog very easy ....Thank u word press
Was finalizing my blogpost with a video when it says erro:, file not accepted. Wtf?!?
I guess I can't put up a profile picture....that sucksdoes anyone know how to upload a profile picture because this app won't let me
I love this app so much. Easy to use and working so good
Every time I schedule a post it publishes it that minute anyway. I love the app but that bugs me so much fix please!!
is fun
Can't sign in, keeps putting me on time out:/ and when I hit back, my blog comes up, but can't do a thing with it. Sad
I love this app and it allows me to do a lot with all the sites that I manage.  There's is one major feature missing from the app and that's the ability to sync/backup the site list. Every time I have to reset my phone or I get a new device I have to manually add back all my self hosted websites.
I have been having problems with uploading images. The layout is also pretty glitchy on this phone. I used my HTC One M7 without a problem before, I think it's the phone.
Just let us write more pages( PLEASE!!)
Does everything you would need in terms of managing your WP site on the go. Good stuff.
Energy & Relax
Makes blogging easier
Love it
The app is amazing but the latest update has made it really tough to publish a post, I have even faced deletion of a few of my writings. Please see to your application and the problems.
I've had to re-write and upload my pictures three times after publishing a post. Please sort this issue out because it's time consuming and very unpleasant to deal with
Good
Love it
It's okay.
I just can't login my account.. N my WordPress site works very vell with my pc
:p
Love ra
Amazing ......
Niceapp really
It worked fine until I got my new phone. Now I can't get anything to even come up. A typical worthless error comes up: " an error occurred while accessing this blog". No s***, Sherlock. If you tell me what the error is, I might be able to fix it.
.....very easy to use ! User friendly.
It was lam I could not follow my friends I could not Evan find search
I would like to know where my post is @ [+]to be able to get people to see it, & email me to let me know there thoughts about it......!!!
Shows only 2 out of my posts! Where are all others? Then, trying to open a post, another error. Won't open the site at all with stupid security message. Totally unusable now. Not even 5%. Not even viewing postes. Why put a non working app on google play? Why misleading the users?
Hii
LOVED IT
Cool!
Fahim
Latest updated screwed up.
On E4g: Slow typing, cursor unpredictable making backspace disastrous, and inability to save a post making typing futile
The new update of app is quite impressive because its quite similar to web and easily accessible.! Love the change.! 
Worst app I have ever tried to use. It will not even let me upload, all I get is an error message that I was not authorized to do that. I was able to upload to the site without the app so why not with the app. Would love to know.
Awesome.very nice
Ma ke rog khoub Kore chuda
    ...       ...
I feel so comfortable blogging
Good
Samsung Galaxy s6
Hatdcore
It's very hit and miss with updates. After the latest update I suddenly got media library errors. Posted several times one day, no problems, updated, media errors. This sort of random error thing has happened before. The app makes so many connections my IP address gets blacklisted.
The app has gone worse. Why did you do this? :( Regretting updating it. It just closes down between the function. Also, I can't update and reschedule my posts. Nothing! Fix it please....asap
NiceApp
It will be nice if we can have a stats widget but in general great app thx
Unstable. Constantly aborts. Unusable.
Good But Html Codinga? admin manager?  plz some update
Dear developers. Any way to install the noorinastaleeq fonts..?
I mostly use this to keep track of my stats and likes. I can't imagine writing all of my posts on such a small screen, but I've browsed through the interface and used it a couple of time for very short posts. It's very fluid and responsive and appears to provide almost all of the function of the online site! Good for people that always want to keep an eye on their blog.
Type &lt;3 in local copy is super ultra impossible. Save change and &lt;3 turn into some HTML code T_T Please fix this, this app is OK
I'm sure with my pass & email but it can't log me in. so dissapointing.
Comforable to use
My request to all people's the app word press is the best application and web site. So please love it and installed it.
Good Job.
Coooooooool
Good job,,I can make my own website within a few minutes,,But i couldn't change my dp ......
It looks good but when your trying to do something like upload a new profile picture nothing happens! I hope you fix it for the sake of future installers but i can't waste my time. I'm going to uninstall!
Very Good
The app was working perfectly fine until the recent update, I don't know why the multi select pictures function allows me to multi select but there's no options to post it??? I had to manually post one by one. And I moved from blogger to wordpress for this function 
Khankaki
I still can no longer choose what blog I want to post to from the share button.
Love it! Simple yet good 
App is very good but sometimes it break down.. Showing as 'unfortunately,wordpress has stop'  so please improve it..!
Love it
Interesting
I'd love to have a "quick draft" widget. Otherwise, good app, enables me to manage my blog on the go easily. Easy to use interface.
Love  it
Helpful
Awsome
My only complaint is that when I schedule a post it does not post when I scheduled it. So please fix I have my posts linked to Facebook so when it does not work right all my Facebook viewers see post that I scheduled for 7:00 in the morning at 7:00 in the afternoon. So please fix... Thank you :-)
I wish that I could give this negative 100 stars. I hate the set up I hate you have to go through so much to get your drafts or posts synced to the desktop and I literally hate this app because my local draft just erased and now I can't get it back.
The first thing I noticed was how slow this app is on my Note 3 phone.  Hardly any of my other apps are anywhere near this slow.  Okay, so maybe the server is just sluggish.  I like this interface.  It lets me type, but that's about it.  It has an image upload feature, but the file browser never even launched.  Uninstalled.
Easy to use
This app is awesme guy's ......
Excellent performance.
Couldn't access my site. As useful as a chocolate fireguard
Love it so much
A "must" for all.
I rely on this app to communicate. Wordpress itself is great, but the app will delete an entire post, losing me hours of time and energy, if I back out or answer a call while the post is loading. It appears to do no cached versions, so everything is lost. It doesn't even do a "you just said to save a blank post instead of the 1000 word 12 photo one you had, is that on purpose?" I do save every once in a while, but it doesnt matter with this issue, it saves over. Back up your stuff on another app.
Tight work
Great for blogging
This version doesn't allow me to browse on device media!
Check mine out; keepmehealthy800
Can help
Spent an hour writing a blog. I attached 1 small video and 7 pictures. Clicked upload and 5sec later phone was sluggish and unresponsive.  An hour later on ultra high-speed Korean 4g LTE+, the phone was still unresponsive and the app still said uploading.  Had to restart phone. Went back to app, clicked local copy then edit. Blog was there for 3sec then went blank. Had to rewrite. Same issue again when I tried to post. 5hrs and 3 rewrites later, blog was still not uploaded. Worst app I've ever delt with.
This app is awesome as we can manage the wordpress blog even from a mobile. But the notifications are sometimes missing and some notifications in between last session and current session are missing. Sometimes there is also a sign-out problem. I really admire this app. Just need slight modifications. Thank you developers for such great work. Next update should be a 5 star-er.
Nice
When checking the Blogs I follow, it only shows me today's posts and the posts from the last time I opened the app. It skips what's in-between.
Keeps going back to main page when I am on the dashboard. Not user friendly. Everytime I try it on my phone I prefer opening the laptop and making my WordPress experience less frustrating. The PC version is sleek.
Not particularly impressed with the new update. Its so tight. Too much going on all in one space. And I can't upload pictures anymore........ Not liking it
It makes our work easy.
I rarely write reviews on apps, and I understand that The performance of said app depends on my device also. Before this last update, the app worked fine. Since the update, I go in to write a post and as I rotate my device to landscape mode, the app returns to the previous page. Dear Developer, is there a fix for this?
Editing needs help.
Unbelievable Exelent job well done
SAXAFI
Not that cool
If Android has a better blogging app (1) What is it? (2) Why is it better? Only thing is I would occasionally like to have video in my posts, but I also understand that not everything can be free all the time. Simply the best.
Created a draft, attached some pictures. Came back to it a few hours later, everything was messed up! What's the point???
It's very good. Unfortunately, my anti-virus would always say there's a virus in the app. I keep on uninstalling and installing it. It's very useful, so I had to install it and wait for the security to send a warning again.
Find it accessible and efficient.
Awesome app,  blogging on the go has never been this easy
Every time I try and log in it does not recognize me.  Very annoying.
Uploading photos is slow and painful and makes my phone and tablet unresponsive. I want to love this but I'll stick with the website version.
Nt downloading wella
B
The creators' commitment to open-source allows for some truly personal and innovative blogs and folios. For my purposes, it's probably the only thing succeeding old MySpace at the moment for an online haven.
Been saying this for Years. Why does the editor show actual formatting when I create a new post, but show html formatting codes when i edit the post later?? This is very annoying.
Taking forever to install. Restarted my Tablet but still shows "Installing"
Was very frustrating for first time use. If it turns out to be a learning curve, I'll up the score. But it kept losing my text and freezing up when I tried adding an image. Took five tries to get it posted. Not happy right now.
Site is used to affiliating marketing
Add font size options in post writing...and sum more useful content writing settings.
After the updates switching between categories/tags are difficult. One always has to go back scrolling to the top to change it
Adding a new account will automatically delete whichever account that is not active/being used.
Plusses: Convenience of working from my phone; good notifications.  Minuses: Somewhat unintuitive (when am I really saving?), sometimes I get unexpected line breaks when composing.
Please fix this.
Its still downloading hope it will work
Works great
I am having troubles uploading blog posts, often after it uploads everything it says error and in fact uploads nothing. Also deleted my whole post - twice. Scared to use it without backing up elsewhere anymore.
Cool.
I wrote an entire post that took several hours on this application and when I published it, it deleted the entire thing and published a completely blank post. I'm horribly annoyed and can't believe I ever wasted my time with such an awful blogging service.
While everything else seems fine and functional with the newest version I've noticed that it shows my blog as having about 2099 posts while I have over 2200.  The comment counter is also far off and the categories.  It would be great to see this aligned properly for reference.  UPDATE: It's been over a year and some revisions that I pointed this out and its still not a rectified issue.  Now the blog has over 3100 posts and yet the app shows 3060.  Otherwise I really like this app as its quite helpful.
Can't Login My Self hosted Sight
Great for trolling and nothing more.
Its not work multi select photo, pls help
This app wouldn't let me blog or open anything eles worst app I've ever had the only thing that works is this dis like button
Wow....
Nice its a really good and perfect
Works nice
I Use browser instead, uninstalled.
Very good way for blogging
Latest update renders this app useless. It won't even connect to my blog. Nothing works, cannot view stats, reader, anything. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, restarted phone, logged back in, all for naught. It was bad before but now it's non-functioning, therefore useless.
Amayzing app
So nice.
It would be nice to be able to search things in people's blog since the tags/labels don't show up on this mobile app
Hi
Ellen
Love it
Patel
Jigsaw
Wouldn't work on my note
Its good
I like better the older version :-(
This is actually nice. Still learning tho. Hope it gets better
Akuntansi keuangan
Please add the ability to edit as Visual and not only through HTML - it mostly no usefull even if i know html
So far so good, seems to do what I need to on the go, except neither if the media uploaders work in the app Galaxy S5. Both browser and multifile work in chrome though?
Good
Perfect blogging app
Amaw
Lovevit 5 stars
Can't switch sites...the other site doesn't even show up
Asus ME301T tablet.There are other  issues.Otherwise a super App.
Simply deletes your stuff and doesn't sync with server. Truly rubbish!!!!!
Was brilliant now a bit crap.... I have 2 self-hosted sites.... I can add both to the app and make posts however the main use I have for the app is stats which I can see one sites stats but not the other and I end up in an endless loop of logging in to my wordpress account to connect to jetpack.... Needs an update.
Problems in uploading photos.
Best app available for editing websites
Android 5.1.1   Iran   Lollipop .
When you hit send it simply deletes the comment
Nice document. Highly useful in my official work carrer
Sale / Purchase / Construction in Islamabad and Rwp.
I couldnt scroll down when I clicked a notif for a comment. Pls pls pls fix it  this is so trouble cs I couldnt read a new long comment from ma beloved readers in wordpress app 
Can be made more user friendly.. Thanks
Please add search menu for find post to quick edit
Very handy and effective for me. specially when i want post update on the way without my laptop. helpfull doing on my Zenfone 4. works great. ps: please add button/setting for the featured image and i'll give ***** for you. ;-)
Why it keeps saying "unable to follow this blog" while I totally can do it via laptop.
Please support Persian language completely.
Cannot add an image and now I m having a problem to view it in web
When installing, it says "Invalid Package" I need this app to start my blog.
Very Good App!
Very happy with the new update much better
Great app
I want to use plug-ins like visual composer, slider revolution etc
I have an account but wont see it
Thanks
This app saves me putting on my desktop PC to blog - and the update means that I can use photos from my device as well as from my WP library 
Jb
Informasi
Uploading images or media fails
Bloggers keep sharing!
Everything runs really slowly! Menus overlap and corrupt the screen making it difficult to get along at pace. Just about functions on Nook HD+.
So amazing
I can't find like button
I don't know what happened. Just noticed today that it's been infected with a virus. I uninstalled then installed again, still the same issue. I had to uninstall this. Let me know what to do cos I love using this app. Thanks.
it
All I can see if I want to edit my blog post is a nasty HTML window. I don't want to have to mess about with HTML in order to edit a draft. This is a terrible app and basically useless to me. I'm better off just making a note in Evernote and leaving publishing anything until later. Garbage, this is one of the worst apps I've ever seen. Why do people think this is so good and give it such a good rating? It's awful!
Latest version does not function correctly. Using self hosted blog and I cannot browse media library. Other small problems as well.
I love the app, but I can't log into my self-hosted WP site with the app. It keeps making me sign in rather than going to the dashboard.
As titled.
Telugu
Good
Kwebcare
I have been maintaining my blog entirely through this app.
It still won't let me add pictures because it crashes my tablet the instant i try. Obviously i need screenshots in my Gaming reviews.
2.0+ is great!
Love to do
Very simple
How to change my blog post to be viewed in my site? (Sticky post) I have posting some article but If I visit my blog site, it didn't appeared although I have press the publish button, please help
Don't like the additional features such as the ability to view popular WP blogs.
Mk
This is a great way to draft future blog posts and look up visitor stats, as well as checking comments and other notifications. In this new version, WYSIWYG editing is back again - I missed that! By the way, the mobile web site is at least as good as this app so be sure to check that out too.
I loved this app until the last update contain virus, that's why I uninstalled it.
This app save me a lot. Great app!
My most favourite place
Used to support self hosted WP sites. Now only works with WP sites hosted by Wordpress. Developer wont give feedback or support. Youre better off using mobile webpage to work remotely. This app is an abomination!
Fresh look and easy to navigate.
Was a great app but now it crashes my whole phone. I just don't post from my phone, too much of a hassle.
Over time, you guys have made this a beautiful functional app
Good app
Blogs for nakeded women
Yup.
Ilevelo
Way better. Notifications are back up. I don't need to ninja to the admin page either. This is definitely an improvement!
'Nuff said...!
Good
Posted a post.. On blog it's showing 404 error and the image was also missing from the blog..!
Sometimes when publishing my content is not uploaded and drafts are deleted. This very frustrating.
Won't let me sign in. Even with my URL they tell me my correct password and username are wrong. It seems my account was closed without my consent. Tech support suggested I take the info and re sign up. The site say my info is already taken. Yeh, on my account. Now they're blaming a glitch. Just raked for my username a third time
Very usefull
Its is not downloding it is showing error has come
Why????????
The huge minuses, you can only use the app for one blog and you don't have an option to log off the app.
The new update. Now I can't upload my photos. Media error. It took me 8 hours to get 4 of five photos to upload. I had to change it to gallery etc. It's a mess. I just did a factory reset on my phone. It happened before and after I rest..... I can't find the link on the website for tech support so lame. The app was perfect before. I'm visually impaired. I could see it better. Light Blue and white is a graphic design nightmare. And it's harder for me to see the new app type (accessibility).
Doesn't work on self hosted sites and gives 0 support !!!
I have created a site with wordpress
Nice :)
When I select view site or admin it goes to a 503 error
Easy to make profile
Finally I can add photos via the app! Sheesh! Mobile blogging was almost impossible. I appreciate the update. Good job.
It is great way to express your idea . . . . .
Awesomely
More features like font style, size and other variations can be added. Love the mobile viewing format !
Grabe hirap magdownload masyadong malki ung app
This app relieves me of stress
Fun and easy to use.step by step guide makes blogging a cinch.
Been on WordPress for years. After latest update, app overheats my phone after only moments of being open. By the time I've created my post, my phone is giving me warnings about overheating damage. I need this fixed, please. I'll give 4 stars again after my ridiculous issue is resolved. Samsung Galaxy 4
Awesome App
It is a very nice app
Easy to use from any device
It is a nice layout
Oswm soft
good
Its too good
Awam
I live it
G. Garden state jersey
Good
Good but can be better
Good
Doesn't work on self-hosted sites - no warning/help about XMLPRPC
Yeah
Good
Simply awesome ........app that you give fully  control and  making the  web...
1) it's missing a search field.  2) there is no multi select and upload of multiple images from a single folder, it's either messy all together or one by one. 3) I lost the whole text and images of a new post because of an internet connection error, this should not happen no matter how bad the connection is, offline editing is what users expect from an application vs the web-admin! 4) post settings button is hidden when keyboard is open, could make it more android oriented by using the native menu key.
Good
I have used previous versions of this app and found it very helpful, but now I have to sign in everytime I use the app.
Why do I need to sign in EVERY time I want to view my blog? This started after the last updated. Disappointed, I relied on this app, now it's just annoying.
munna
The latest update changed how the wordpress application works. Used to open it and start viewing the blog. Now it's a 2 step process you have to view site now. Also, now I can't zoom in on the pictures posted on the blog!!!!!!! Fn uninstalling this application and will access the blog through the full website on my phone!!!!! What a pain! !!!!
So far so good
sy suka admin menunya, jadi seperti mengelola blog dari desktop.. tentunya jadi lebih mudah mengelola blog dari mana saja hanya dari hp'
Awesome
App will not allow me to post pictures, no option on mobile for me. LG Optimus L70
App Sucks, Always "Error Occurring"
Helpfull
awesome app....love it plenty...
Bhai
iloveit
Im using android lolipop 5.02 and this aplication is not working on my smartphone
NOT 5 stars on this release. It doesn't remove spam comments from list (self-hosted site). Otherwise love this app.
Good
Didn't work at all for self-hosted site
Best app
Gives best mobile experience through mobile
Cool app
Since update the photos won't stay put. One star because I spent way too much time. And I have to wait to fix it
Gets the job done but interface could be better
While trying to add a new post and inserting a url using the copy and paste feature on my htc 616 ..it force closes automatically and is not letting me add a url..the insert link feature didn't work either.
We have got a band but there was no anything to describe our details but finally I got WordPress and I started using it n it attened to Google m so glad lov da app evr body much hv this app
It is NOT possible to login with 2 accounts in the same time. Please make it possible in the next update.
Not able to get to my blog posts. Error occurring.  Like the side bar layout more too.
I love the site, and the updated app flows and works so much better! It is finally complete.
I am unable to post html message through the app. Please improve or help me to post html.
Big step forward to make it more social and friendly mobile. We waiting more developing to make it comparative to twitter and tumblr
Just press it.
It's great.but need to improve the speed.
i love wordpress
Good
Every thing is perfect
Nice layout. Easy to use. Add pics to post via camera or gallery. Only thing missing is add new post option on main screen. In order to add new is selecting posts from left sidebar menu. Click on orange circle with plus. ##update 11jun15. Like the new look. Much better easier to navigate.
Smooth and easy to use
Great Work
Started following onlinemystery5 follow him/her
It's really sad, because the I like the app but can't add images
What happened to the tablet layout!?
Best blogging platform... I've ever experienced.
Love this app great fun thanks
This version is way better than the earlier one, keep up the good work guys!! Cheers!! 
I wish it would be possible to update your portfolio pages too
Won't let me add my HTTPS based Self Hosted blog despite having a valid Comodo SSL Certificate :(
I couldn't do what I do without WordPress. Thank you!
Existing posts won't come up, it's as if they don't exist. A post I write from the app won't post to the blog.
Continuously kicks out Media Upload errors, messes up formatting with posts and images, and sometimes dumps entire posts when you're trying to upload. Don't even bother with this. I'm so upset right now. I'd gladly pay for something that worked!!
O
I can no longer load pictures taken with phone. Words only ain't all that and don't cut it.
Functions well, doesn't give me $#!+, that's about all I ask for in an app.
Keren!
Complicated regardless of your intellect!.
Can only view list of posts for single blog, can't get to comments or change blog. Am on Samsung Note 2, and rely on this app when away from home. Please fix.  Comment below has resolved my issue (I removed app shortcut and replaced, and now opens at control panel.)
Since the latest update the app is stuck on the posts page.  No natter how many times I close or reboot the app it is stuck on that page.  Can't pull open menus either.
La super mom
Won't let me see anything but my posts. I can't access blogs I follow or stats now. Also I hate that when I open the app it goes to my posts. I would like it to go to the reader like it was when I first started WordPress.
The latest update was a total fail! Now I can't access anything at all! Can only view my own posts! Please fix this asap!
Did you guys mean to introduce a serious bug? Testes testes ...1...2...balls! You might have solved some people's issue with back button exiting app but that introduced a bigger issue: one can't access anything other than posts. Fix it quick.
It's a very good app
I can no longer access anything but my post.
It is beyond just right, lets me work and blog darn near anywhere!
Like it
I have not got a clue what it's about or how to use it and it doesn't seem to come with instructions. For instance how do you find people and read their stuff or how do people find me
I might have given 3 stars to the older version. But updated version is worse. And still don't have HTML option like in iphone version of wordpress. Please do something about that.
Why the new update...you fucked this up
Easy to use. I have been using for almost a couple of months..... this is one hell of an app..
Each time I download, I get the error message saying the package was not signed correctly.
Thanks
I have write a lot for one my post, i write much and take time about almost one hour with this application, after i finish, than i click the publish button, but what happening ? Everything that i was write not appear? Only the tittle publish in my blog but the contains gone! Fuck. And i really hate it, when i am realize that there are no automatic back up what i write before ???  Fuck!
Nice
So batter
Its very annoying
Good!
The app works brilliantly for MY blog but when I search the internet (outside the app) and find a Wordpress blog I want to open I don't get the option to open the blog in the app unfortunately.
I have a blog , write something bout kpop and WP help me much !
Quite possibly one of the worst apps out there. Simply doesn't work. Connected my account but absolutely nothing else about it works. Doesn't refresh, can't post new stuff, can't edit existing stuff. No response from support. Expected better from Automattic. Uninstalled.
Mast impress full app I HV ever see
Very flexible self-publisher, get this!
Enough said 
#FFO Navjaat Bhaskar
Useful app to share knowledge and experiences......
Good for nothing !
Nice one
How to fix?
Nicely designed nd uzr frndly
It's awesome
I like me
Every time I am uploading some media majority  pictures. . It says error occurred while uploading media. .Do something plzz. .
Thanks
Every update worse than the last. I can no longer load my old post and it previously wiped out my blog accounts and I can only log into one at a time. So frustrating. May defect to blogspot instead.
Please tell How can we earn money
Love the wordpress community, love the app, be even better if we could get notifications for new posts on blogs we follow. Thanks!
Nothing special. Reader is really bad. Only shows last uploads.
works perfectly for me
Very love it
You should add html editor for the blog posts and also some tools in the "view" editor
Good app for controlling your blog...and it is worth the 7 MB..
Can't upload photos. I hope you can fix this. But on the brighter side, the app is great 
Awesome app
If I open this app from my notifications it makes my phone crash. Many time I've had to restart it because it makes my phone unusable. Everything else I'm happy with.
Continuously get errors when trying to approve comments on posts.
Can't complain
Data review is broken, permanent 503 server error when viewing site too, log in doesn't work unless app is force closed and restarted then your magically logged in, or your logged in but in the app your logged out and nothing updates which means a complete reinstall is necessary as no other workaround has fixed that issue. Uninstalling, if I could give negative stars I would.
Excellent
I like things very simple to the point I like to be able to look at everything and understanding but I'm still trying to figure it out before I completely that I dislike it why I consider this app because I like the ownership that I can post what I please its always about the Word of God
Love
I use the mobile app on the road to update my travel blog, and post picture galleries. But I can not upload cover pics anymore for them. I don't know whether it's a phone issue or an app issue. Please look into it. Would rate 5 otherwise. Thx.
This is annoying
Love
Easy to work
Like it
The find friends and discover options don't work and I can't choose a file from my phone for the Gravatar.
I am not able to upload my profile picture. Everytime I click on upload, the page freezes.
Too bad. Idk why everytime i am trying to upload some pics and save as draft , the pics always missing. And whenever i always making some post with pics then i view it before i post its only showing my post without any picture on it. Anybody can tell me why?
Nice, but What I post using the app, that posts I can't see in browser.
Really good, useful and fast app for every blogger who use standalone or multi wordpress.
Tried this app off and on since it first appeared on the market... Using the web interface is still more intuitive & MUCH more reliable. Content uploaded with app has *many* unexpected "quirks" with formatting & media presentation.  Really not clear what purpose this app is attempting to serve, aside from an academic prototype for showing some of what the api allows.
Awesome app but give the link for direct posting on Facebook Twitter etc.
It's so much improved than the last time I installed this app. Enjoy using it 
Sip
Why no option to chose where to centre writing?
Very very good & helpful app for me
Simple and Efficient. I don't need much time to create a post on my blog. Sometimes i hate my browser, that can't faster to create a new post. Thanks for this app (Y)
The app won't allow me to publish to my site. That's the only reason I downloaded the app.
friendly to use nice gui also word press is the best
Wow
Test
I wasting this app to monitor and pay tho my self hosted WordPress site, then a little while back it started giving me an ssl error and I can only log into WP online, not my WP site anymore.
Love it
menakne leh aku ser nulis opo ae ning situs weblog lan ngowahi postingan
Great work
Edi.website
Thank u
I don't like that you can't change an image's alt-tags on the app, only on web. Update this please!
The app will not work on my site. I have a self-signed SSL certificate (nobody else logs onto my server and needs to verify its identity). If I try to log in, a warning pops up. When I tap Yes to log in anyway, I am returned to the log in screen.
Kuraishi
Always turning off tried to post 3 times each time I had to retype 400 plus words!!! Trying add a picture 4 times now and it says its stopped working . this many problems within 1 hour of having the app..... I'll pass!!!!!!!
Kuraishi
You cannot work properly.. but,it's good
"An error occurred while uploading media files" Fix this and get 5 stars
Website created
Nice , but in edit post ... change data of post
Good for a blogger
good  but  old verstion
Nicccccccce
I just love it! I don't normally add ratings to apps but this really is something so easy and user friendly specially for starters. Love it!
This is an ok app. Will rate 5 star if i can see how to set featured image.
Taking a friend's advice and starting a blog of my own.  We shall see how it goes.
Now It is easy for new post any time any where
Love it
ok
nice apps
Works pretty well for on the go blog management
Can't make posts....
I have to switch to the old stats page because the new one is poorly displayed.
what a app
It's great for blogging on the move
Many many thanks the developer this kind of app.I like it very much. I  want to salute the app's developer.I have given  it 5 stars but sometimes the server is very busy. If there is a page option as like next &lt;&gt; previous when the visitors visit it.Thanks.
This app have not working in mobile and cant access gallery for upload files
How will I make money using this site..  Please suggest me.
The app is quite useful but the feature I miss on this app is Search option for posts.To reach at an old post,I have to move through all posts which is time consuming.Kindly add Search option for posts to reach at a particular post for editing or sharing.
Can't login to selfhosted site
App works like it's supposed to.
I love WordPress any where. So this is a treat for me.
I can't upload my posts even after several attempts.
i like this. super app in google play. thanks
Review by Davolaper pertho chowdhury.
I can't even upload a single pic like what the hell
Nice app but needs improvement for it is very slow.
Would like more if all your tags were in one spot instead of having to load them individually. And also if it showed more content...
I just loved it
I can keep up with the comments and stats on my site.
Im a first time blogger its much easier to understand than tumblr & is much quicker to post good lengthy blogs, but the reader tab really needs to be re thought
Great for quick posts and editing of your blog. Except did not save drafts that WordPress always saved before had ap.
I love this app...I can actually post from phone until I get to computer to view anditsreally nice.
How can i send message to my users?
This is great for them blogging moments whilst travelling or to schedule posts on the go. However it does sometimes remove photos upon save and lately has been deleting content of full blog posts, giving me an error when I upload. Had to reinstall.
Lovely app
I really like blogging and so WordPress is all about that
Very good
Bad I like it
As above
I can update my blog anytime anywhere.
I seem to can't search or follow other blogs. Please help.
This app is easy to use and works well in developing a website from mobile.
George
Now you REALLY DISAPPOINTED ME!
I can post pictures if I'm not using the new media picker. That option still crashes the app.
LPN
Superb
i had no idea what to and it made my computer freak out, i had to turn it off and restart it.
I wanted to publish my post but it saved as "draft." I changed the status to "publish" and it happened again. So please fix this
I love this app now. I didn't really use it on my iPhone because I couldn't really do much more than post or edit. But on my Samsung Galaxy S6 it does almost everything I can do on my computer in this app. Which is exactly what I needed. So I gladly give it 5 stars.
The app no longer allows me to log into my account on my tablet. How frustrating!
It doesn't log in properly
I want to upload my file
The problem described below has been fixed (at least on my device). Thanks guys! - Several days ago, the app started freezing the entire device every time you tap the "Add image" button. Only solution is restarting the tablet (power button, press & hold). The tablet is a Lenovo B8080-H running stock Android 4.3. Also tried rebuilding the media library, but to no effect. Other than that, I'd give the app four stars.
Cool
Big issue is you can only upload one photo at a time to a post : (
Everytime I hit "save as draft" the some of the photos disappear. There are times when I have to start again from scratch. It kinda frustrates me.
Why am I the bullseye. Hmm.
The app is very responsive and intuitive, with a beautiful interface. Its such a pleasure using this app.
I don't know how to exit, "back" key isn't working
I love the interface now. It's good and fast. Doesn't give me unnecessary issues for now. Well done.
Everytime I click back I just come out of the application, what the hell is this?
I like this app very much ,use it frequently
Superb
But it would be better if we could add more developed HTML
I'm not able to change font colors or box text or do anything fancy with my posts without paying for the hosted domain through your app, which I just can't afford to do.
I'm one of those for whom the app still does'nt work. I have to re-enter the username and password for my blog or admin everytime I rotate my phone, and thats annoying. I'm using Samsung Galaxy S5 (SM-G900H) Please fix !!!
This works great on my phone so far~~~
This app is awesome. That's all I can say.
Just getting into vintage everything and am looking forward to better things to see and buy. Looking forward to your vintage treasures.
Re-install
Great app
For some unknown reason everytime I try to upload a picture into my gallery for my blog, nothing happens when I click on "select File". Help please?
You can't do anything when it comes to customizing your blog.   It's very frustrating. I've been trying to change the name of my blog for 2 days now with no success.
Cool
Makes an important job on the go !
Shit
App just gets better. The Windows phone version needs work, though.
Nic app . Thanks WordPress
Really bad...
I can post with image, it takes me long time and error results
I have had a problem for the last 2 days where I can't refresh my posts, therefore I cant see my posts. Please look into it
I am unable to login into my WordPress account. Tried adding a new user and still in vain.
Nice
Improve the app!!! Not good enough . Many mistakes...
Now it just gives me the following "An error has occurred when uploading media' when fixed, will upgrade to 5 stars
Sound pretty good to me
Trying to add an image to a post is impossible.  I click in the icon to uploade an image from either the device or site, and the uploader just keeps rotating every few seconds, it's ridiculous. Can't get it to do anything. I just sit here watching it rotate 45 degrees over and over and over again till I close the app.
Evryone shuld try once
Really good .Exellent
I'm actually pretty surprised that nobody botched up this community project. Good job guys!
This app does not work. Screens mash with each other. Refresh won't solve issue. Display pic cannot be uploaded. Extremely slow app.
In general I was very happy with the app. Never caused problems and was fun to use.  Recently (probably after upgrade) uploading photos became an issue, but for me the worst is that after two hours of writing a post offline I got online and instead of uploading, the app just deleted everything!!!
I've been here a couple of years, and am as pleased as ever.
I wud be happy if u add multiple accounts in single program. Which is as in latest Gmail and Twitter apps
I am astonished!!!
Nothing works. Always no post, no page, ....
Waiting for install. Then I will post review.
Makes it very easy to manage multiple blogs. But, very limited configurations. Anything advanced in your posts or blog architecture is non-existant...simply must be done on your pc. This is a great app for basic posting and monitoring the stats for your blogs...but that's it.
Please it's really necessary and the faster, the better 
This glitch has been persistent from a long time now. It's annoying. Please resolve the issue. I'm unable to follow most any blogs!
Please do something about this.
Due to the app I can share my feelings on my blog whenever wherever I want. Thanks WP.
Opn
Crashes on inserting media on new pages
Very befitting.
I would guve this five stars but the fact that you can't change the profile picture for with in the app is very disappointing...
I love wordpress, but there's some disturbing happen recently, I love to write anytime I want, and sometime I need to keep it first to make a little editing before I decide to post it, but suddently I lost my latest drafts, and that was annoying to remember a lot words that I've arrange bfore. I hope I can find my draft again
CREATE YOUR OWN BLOG
WordPress
Needs fixing.  App does not connect to website.  Needs update . WordPress on pc is version 4.2
Very limited editing options e.g. seems to only operate in text view when editing pages.  Cannot record a page as a child of a parent. Much better to use WP in the full mode from a browser.
Great
I really liked this app until I updated it. Now when I go to edit my blog page, the side by side settings overlap each other, making it unreadable. I also found this app was freezing up my phone too.  So much for easy & efficient on the go. I think I'll start looking for another blog app, for when I get to frustrated with this one.
As other reviewers have said, the app freezes up whenever I try to insert an image. I have a Samsung Note 10.1 and every attempt has locked my tablet. I attempted an uninstall/reinstall and the same problem occurs. The window also begins cutting off longer posts. The post is still there, but you will need to use your up/down buttons instead of the scroll function to see it. There is also no menu once you get to the post screen. Navigation between dashboard, post, and post options is difficult. I have been frustrated by the last several updates to this app. If you need to only post text, it isn't so bad, hence two stars. Any posts beyond simple, short text should be done online.
Seems to only be useful if you have something that you have to post right then and there. If not, skip this app. You can't even do basic things like change text color (unless you type in html). That seems to delete the purpose.
Unless the intention of the developer was to force people to be super minimalistic on their blog posts then the FC issues are a big pain! Please get this fixed. Rooted Galaxy S3 with L.
Just joined... terrible app.  Uploads take forever and image always fails!  This is just about the worst app I've ever tried.  Don't they test these things first???
Exploring :)
As much as I would have loved rating wordpress 5stars, the image wouldn't let me do that. Please help fix it as soon as possible. Havent been able to use it anymore effectively since I last updated it. Thanks
There should be an option to customize your site.
I use Wordpress as the site for my business and have always been happy with it, but the latest update is absolute garbage. It now won't let me upload images from my tablet directly to my posts, and if I try it crashes my device and I have to force close my other programmes and have to restart it. This has a big effect on my online work. Dreadful.
I would just LOVE to use this app, but like other have said, adding pics is just not a possibility. My tablet freezes completely everytime I try.  Also, I can only save drafts locally OR publish them.  I would like to save them online without publishing them, so I can add pics over the internet, after writing with the app... but that is also a no go: making this app completely useless to me.  If I want to write when I am not online, I can use a word-processer.
I love it was the way of this message and receipts from my life in the new year of the other day and the other
Laggy, need more optimization
It made things simple.
The availabilities to use the email system is first rate, thank you for allowing my two businesses global exposure, Don L Schneider, 4-Stroke Motocross Nationals and MadMike Hughes World Record Holder Skylimo Manned Rocket Jumps.
as per title.
I love using this but the non add feature image is letting it down, also please add shortcode like YouTube etc.
Another way to manage wp
Fine
Awesome product. I use it all the time now.
very nice to document ideas and observations.  Easy to add images to further assist me in remembering how I did something.
Ever since ive download it. It doesnt load commets posts just keeps showing loading errors. Hated it. This app is trash never works.
But you can't edit or make it look more good via app . You have to use computer
One blog post, and immediately everything went black. Could not wake the phone. Long press, nothing. Finally rebooted. App will be immediately uninstalled. What crap is that.
I really love using WordPress for my blog, but it's frustrating using the app to try and upload any images into a blog post. My tablet freezes completely when trying to add an image,resulting in me having to restart it every time and not getting anywhere so I end up doing it on my desktop. The thought was to be able to post while I'm away from my computer but it's failing.
Good
Best app
Easy' simple, and fast!
Baddest
Since I updated the app, I can't upload image to my post, my phone keeps hanging. Please do something. ASAP
I want this app but I can't log in:-(
Superb app !!
Lobed it
I'm using a Samsung note 3. It won't allow me to select any images to upload. And thought the app it's messed up with text appearing over the top of other text and really just doesn't work well. Especially hard if you have two blog pages. Very difficult to switch between them.
been trying to install but i cant. gives me error code "-24"
Gurih dan nikmat
app is working great....
Good side use simple
World best website creat
It's good but I hope there will be a "justify" paragraph. So, my post can looks better.
Great in every way.
5/1/2015 --  I have another problem in attaching images. Now, I'm using Galaxy Tab S 10.5. Everytime I try to attach an image, the app would act up.... ====  I always have a problem posting pics using Samsung Galaxy Note. Either the pics would not be posted or the format is destroyed. I always have to fix an article in my laptop or iPad.
By far one of the most used app by me. It is absolutely simple to use. The layout is simple. Haven't tried complex things. But has served my needs.
This is where I really express myself
I spent an agonising hour with my tablet frozen from trying to upload a photo into my post. Quick and easy... more like terrifying wait, hoping my most important couldnt be rewritten post didnt disapear. Luckily it had saved and I swiftly published it then logged on my laptop and edited to add the picture... please fix.
Htlm is not working, image not showing in post, only codes
Verys easy to understand and  easy to use
Please do something about the photo uploads and please include featured photo option on the app. It's so hard to blog on mobile using this app TBH and its so frustrating
Ui could be more friendly. It takes a while to figure things out.
But its good that we can edit our site on phone :3
but shear horror if you want to upload images.Upload is interrupted most of the time leaves the local media cache completely broken.No easy upload of multiple images (workaround via filemanager share dialog), no progress bar on upload (no idea if finished, incomplete or still working).Crashes if accidentally refresh media library during upload. Please devs, add a decent way to upload images with progress info and feedback if it was successful or failed. Otherwise it's a real pain in the ass to use the  app.
I blog daily and I have been trying to improve my insights by adding my personal touch of my life and I tried adding some great diy photos and it keeps shutting my phone off and not publishing like its suppose to. I don't understand what the problem is..please fix the glitch..its honestly annoying and its affecting my insights for readers and potential fans.
  
Good
UPDATE I was able to reblog. Hope it doesn't screw up again in future!.... Guess what?? Still can't reblog as of 4-26-15!! Beyond frustrating.//Yikes another awful update. When will you guys learn? You also updated the non mobile site so much I don't think I have a dashboard any more. What gives?
It was grate for what I used it for
Nice app
Sorry guys, I really loved your app but since the update uploading photos is a massive pain and it's not easier at all. Who has the time to go through ALL the pictures on my tablet to find the ones I took 2 months ago and want to blog now? Please please add folders again. This way it's such a massive pain!!!!
When you try and add additional WordPress blogs it automatically signs back out.  Also,  when adding media,  I really would like it to be MY choice where the images come from,  not the ridiculous method that's in place now.  Scrolling through thousands of images on "device media" in order to get the one you want is infuriating to say the least.  5 or 6 versions ago,  you had it spot on.  Why faff with it just to make it a frustrating experience for the user?
Login works on desktop but not in app, gotta be fixed
Crashing all the time. Plus its very slow. Also improve the UI of mobile site
Just when I was getting used to how bad this app was they made it worse causing me to lose full posts and now I can't upload photos from Dropbox... Ruined it
Update: the small issue I was having was resolved promptly. I am a big fan of this very good app. My original review was:  "The latest update is not helpful; my password doesn't save on my phone (HTC one m8), so every time I go to the app, I have to log in again. Not a big deal for you, maybe, but having the brain injury I do makes this issue inconvenient enough to consider moving my blog to a different service altogether. Please fix this!"
Good. I like the feature to access my local wordpress. Nice. But there is something, I can not access my product from woocommerce plugin. Maybe that's another system. Thanks by the way for making this app.
Reported an bug within the app and they contacted me and fixed the error quickly.
As always!
Much better with the glitch fixed cheers.
I had a huge blog post that I had almost uploaded then it gives me an error and now the whole post is gone are you freaking kidding me? So sick of this app
But this app froze my Sony Xperia tablet the moment I tried to compose a post. Had to do a soft restart to uninstall it. Worse than useless.
While typing a blog, I'll tap the "add image" icon in the lower right and I'll lose control of the app and my screen as it rotates and goes blank... then comes back on, useless... then rotates again. I have to soft reset my device to make it stop.
It's like blogging on the go. Actually it is!
Since the last update I can't use my regular photo viewer to choose pictures from my post. I now have a list of images that seem to come from my tablet but not it's sd card; where all my images are. I have around 30,000 images in various picture folders (I am travelling and have a 128GB sd card in my tablet where my images are stored)  and this update to 3.9 has made choosing images impossible.  I have two possible workarounds. Either I upload the images to google or similar and put a link in the post to them. Or my second option is to upload the images in the WordPress app through the media menu item and then choose these images I want in the post using your new chooser interface.  Honestly I see what you are trying to do with the new interface but it does limit the user as to how they choose their images. Handing this task over to the operating system, as it was before, makes more sense and makes your app lighter.  Please switch back to the normal way of adding images. Updating posts on tablets and phones has been great with the WordPress app and I feel it's just been made more difficult with this update.
Better than the other
I have no idea what good this is for other than browsing other blogs. I can't post to my blog with it so why do I want this?
Gud app
It can't be uploaded.
The select file button is pressable but it does nothing.
Excelent app for postings... but it does not include all settings to manage the complete web site you have!
One: changing your device orientation can make it reset the page and lose everything you've been typing.  Two: it imposes a length limit on posts which is way too short, and if you edit an exiting post which is long, you might lose half of it with no warning.  Also, navigation is sometimes lacking, and they've made it very difficult to type in text in landscape orientation on a small phone, because they fill the screen with useless toolbars that crowd out the typing area.
I'm new to blog. but I can't sit in front of computer and do all blogging all the time. that's why I'm installing this.  But between Wp mobile and site doesn't integrate so well.  I lost my drafted post because the site save the previous work.  so I have to rewrite my post on site once again.  what a waste! and another things please make the wp mobile menus exactly like the desktop menu. Such as caption of images should be centered, right? But there is no such option on wp mobile. Pls fix. TY
I am new with this app. I just created a post yesterday, and now every time it starts uploading, its like my phone doesn't want this app running... So its saying "uploading" then my screen goes black for a whole minute. And backs out of the post. So I have to upload again, but no, does the same thing. Tried it 5 times. What's up with that? ~Droid Turbo device~
Unable to login
But i still understand how to upload/post product if i got  wp ecommerce?
An Ok app but it has it's limits. I often have to transfer to a computer because the app is so hard to use, or I can't find something
Wonderful  WordPress!
Suddenly I can't upload pictures to my HTC1 (8). What's happening? It was working fine.
Please let us insert images by URL with the app. It annoys me that I can't put images I've uploaded on external storage
This app does not work on my Samsung tablet.   Tried adding photos to post but brought my tablet to a grinding hault.    Not recommended.
Wordpress should stop fixing things that aren't broken. They went from the absolute finest blog platform to a sputtering, smoking wreck at the rear of the pack. Simply attempting to insert an image into a post now completely locks up my tablet. Stop fixing things. Now I have to find a new blog platform. Bring back 3.8.
This couldn't support my samsung galaxy core phone.                                 I would like to try this on phone but I really can't. 'Cause It won't let me. PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS. I MAY HAVE THE SAME SITUATION FOR OTHERS OUT THERE. Thanks.
Cool app
It's OK
New updated version can't exist. It flashes on screen. Its harmful to smartphone.
Can you please add a search option to make it easier to find certain blogs? That would be very helpful. Also could you add a voice to text option?
Its great all the rest of times I use it. I can't remember my blog at time so installing it would make a eck of a difference.
Love WordPress
Perfect
5 Stars, no concerns with it.
Cool
This app was a bit complicated before but it gave you more control. The new update has oversimplified everything to the point of making the entire app useless. Roll back to the previous version!
!!
Every time I try to add a photo to my post it hangs my tablet, making the screen completely unresponsive and randomly changes the screen orientation even though tablet hasn't moved. Only option is to reboot, losing all work. Please fix! UPDATE: I uninstalled this version (3.9) and installed the one from the Amazon Appstore (3.8) I can now add images and find photos again. Not updating until I know everything is fixed!
I not able ti download it.
Good Speed
I can't even log in
I love it.....writing blogs is so easy....
It doesn't let me add photos from my tablet, and on my phone it takes way too long to upload the photo thumbnail... At least I can still make photo groups...  I would send you all the data but my tablet crashes any time I try to open the photo folder in my post
Lovely app for all thanks
Have just about as much convenience as I do on pc...so I can work on the go
Nice app
Adding pictures to posts is a total nightmare with the app crashing and stalling my tablet when I try to add pictures. Total waste of time.
Wow I never seen this kind of app
Works, but painstakingly slow on two sites with very different hosts and then only in landscape. Don't trust for elaborate posts/pages that have been working/updating for a long time. In order to compete with desktop, we will need a UI that does not mimic it or which isolates focus to a section and it's associated buttons
Adding to photos to posts used to be so easy. But now it just gives you one long list of "device photos". I can't access folders at all. Finding photos is now one big mess. Fix this please. Also if you write a post and hit back it will erase your whole post. I have wasted hours on this. So easy to hit back on your phone and then to lose everything because of it is stupid.
Easy to use and user friendly...
But Some times post doesnt get published due to addition of images in blog post. Fix dat prob. Else app is oowsum
I just used this to perform a relatively simple task - edit a post and upload some images. The post editor showed all the markup for links, formatting etc, which looks messy and is hard to navigate. Worse still, I wanted to upload more than one image, which I wasn't given the option of. I had to upload each one separately and re-find the folder they were stored in each time, which is time consuming and tedious. The mobile website is flawed, but much better than this so I'll go back to that.
I use my phone just for it.
When is WP adding the projects and portfolios to the app? I still see only  posts and pages.
NiceApp
There is literally no way I can post images from my Samsung tablet S without it crashing the whole system. Please fix!
Simple
WoW !! What a perfect app for websites and bloggers combined with a few other choice apps and you could build your empire from your phone or tablet
Yet there are drawbacks
S.A.R.E.T , ARMS SPECIALIST  US ARMY. RETIRED.
Very helpful :)
Couldn't upload even a small video in the app. If we want to upload, it shows we've to download video press.
I was blogging my trip using this app, but since the last update it doesn't work anymore
The App is very useful, although sometime it's difficult to write comment to a post that I like.
I have multiple wordpress blogs and when it works it's great but it consistently losses login info to one of my blogs so I'm constantly having to add it back and I've gotten no response about that from their support team. I've now recently lost the ability to use the app after signing into an account since it keeps throwing me in a loop to sign back in. I doubt I'll have this issue long if it's happening to more people but it seems they have consistent login issues they need to fix otherwise it's great!
Auf dem Wiko Rainbow lauft diese App hervorragend. Offline Artikel(-entwurfe) verfassen, Bilder hochladen, Kommentare verwalten, top. Selbst die Statistikseite ist mittlerweile detailliert und aussagekraftig, weiter so!
Awesome! I don't even need to open my lappy for my blog posts.
Am updating from rating from 1/5 to 3/5. WordPress has done a good job since the last time I used the app. But still leaving out search which is one of the most important features keeps me from giving it 4/5
Amazing app. Better than google blogger. Very user friendly.
The is app a very user to liked
Good
Was a great app, however since the last update it is slow, cannot view my site, as soon as i try to create new gallery my tablet completely crashes.  I see others are having the same  problems, so not one off.   Repair or roll-back please
This app is really help and awesome but in the next update I hope I can attach some pictures to the post in one time published. Thank you :)
It absolutely awesome
Every time I try to load photos on to a blog post it freezes my whole tablet. Please fix
terrific for working mobile.
Good
great for thoughts and ideas
It's system is very bad , I've been trying to log in for more than twenty times . And reset password for more than five times but result is . Your user name and password are incorrect.
Often lags and crashes
Good
Pastor
It tries to load every single photo on the phone, but barely displays thumbnails for any of them, making the app useless. Need a way to select between photos and downloaded reference photos, otherwise it'll take forever even if the thumbnails worked. Very disappointed with this update, I'll be using the web browser to post until this broken app is fixed.
I totaly satisfied
Saved me from post problems while I was out.
Good
This is the worst app update ever on playstore. Since the last update...it takes 10+mins to fetch media from my gallery! This is bulshit! I have more than 400 photos to upload in a day! So will i have to wait for 4000 mins to upload them??? This app sucks like hell! Bring back the last update the way you can upload photos...i hate this with passion! It has just wasted my full day! You spoilt my day! Nkt! Matako nyinyi! This is the best way to chase customers from using this crappy app!
no problems yet. keep the updates coming! :)
Cant publish my post. :( please fix
This is pretty great too. One little tweak though. When you press the upload button. Can you put something like "are you sure you want to upload post?" Because i press that button accidentally.
Fun!
I always write from the desktop but having an hour to kill, decided to draft my next post using this app. Writing could be a serious and involving matter... Once done and seeing the full text on the screen, I backed out to the post listing, clicked on my draft and to my despair, only saw first few paragraphs saved. A rare free hour wasted. Now rewriting on the desktop
I can't even sign in. It crashes everytime I hit the sign in button.
Every time I want to "view full site" on my blog I need to put in my password even though I checked the "remember this password" box. This never happened before the update.
bad    
I cannot publish my posts. It always ended up saving as draft. Please help! :( Using a Note 4
I love this app soo useful...keep it up:-)
Good:-)
The update took away the ability to search individual folders on my phone for pictures.  Please bring this back.
I get to write what I want, whenever I want.
One of a kind
I am so glad I came across this App it's wonderful, I'm totally enjoying it!!
Just need some more attention on post writing feature, otherwise it's just perfect
Works well, especially for quick posts.
Lost me three day's worth of work! Finally published my article from draft tonight but it didn't show up. Now I can no longer find it! Fix this or see yourself lose a loyal customer!
Nice app. No option to search and add your favorite bloggers to the Reader. Please add that in your next update.
Awesome!
You guys aint saying or trying to do anything about the featured image...was expecting that in this update...how do we do that..still have to go online..makes it of little use to me...and what about all these html markups flying around....
Its my go to blogging application! While I just started a blog a little over 30 days ago, this was the only site that offered professional free and paid for blogging that is well respected and has an android application that's free as well! Kudos to WordPress team!!!
Helped build my following considerably.
Great app. I use it just about every day to comment on WordPress blogs I follow. I blog from it sometimes when I'm lazy. I do want to inform that this past week, I've been having trouble viewing my site from the app. ADDING 04.13: I've had to use the live chat help a few times. They're great and patient with your concerns/technical issues. I was able to resolve my issues in record time.
El editor de texto trabaja con texto plano. Las herramientas que aparecen sobre el teclado son pocas y lo que hacen es insertar las etiquetas de html correspondientes.
Best bloggers
yes i like it
Good work!
AMAZING APP!
**Update: uninstalled because it keeps locking me out despite putting in the right credentials.Pics upload just fine, blogs post just fine, kinda strange to navigate, somethings are just kinda buried in a menu of a menu. As a whole its not too intuitive for a brand new user who has never done this before, and it is somewhat limited. All in all its pretty well done and does the job. Why 4 stars? The dashboard is hidden in a menu instead of on the main menu on the left. Too important to hide!
but, I didn't  it Seo on google
Basic functions betterof..
Property words are than
When I click the comment notifications from my homepage, it says there was an error when I try to approve comments.
It all sounds good the only thing is Ive read the other folks reviews and if I find that this website is trashy ill come back and tell you about it. If im wrong, I will give you 5 big gold stars!!
It shows that the photos was uploading and then after that an error message will appear.
Does a great job. Easy to use to manage a small but growing blog
Its good like really good but once when I logged out to make a account for a friend when I logged in again it said I couldn't!!!!
blogger does not work on my phone so got this and this is working well!!
I like it wordpress...
Aftet posting my pictures won't upload even if it upload it show as featured image
I like it
Despite the previous reviews I love this app,  great for making updates to blog site and article.
Every time I upload a picture, it keeps disappearing. Please fix it.
wdboe
Sucks butt holes
Can't log in since the app was uodated!
I just started a internet radio broadcast and we use WordPress I love it im still learning new things but so far I have had great experience.
Taking away the ability of CSS from the free users was a super bad move that will soon make the site fall, as users will now move on to newer sites with better options. A better idea would of been making the use of CSS limited, that way you give a taste of customization to your patrons, and they'll be more likely to purchase. 
Brilliant
I'm an owner of a self hosted blog and depend on this app heavily for building content.  This latest update has broken the posting and refresh features which is the bulk of the app.  Until it's fixed, I have to rate this app virtually unusable.
Year after year, the same crap....I just spent 45 minutes working on a post. I pushed the button to publish, and Wordpress immediately said it could not publish. (Not sure why, b/c my internet connection is fine.) It didn't save the post, the whole thing is gone, up in smoke.   This app might be good for a Buddhist who wants to work on not being attached to his/her posts, but as far as a blogging app goes, if it doesn't save your posts and loses your hard work, then it's crap. Don't bother.
Never use you cannot login
everytime i upload a picture it keeps disappearing. Its wasting my time to keep re-uploading it. fix it 
cant login on my domain
I don't know why this update so horrible, now to like other people stuff or even reblog they want you to become premium member.......
Very difficult to format anything.  Some of the controls don't work at all.  Good to monitor your traffic, but that's it.  Editor needs work!
Good
How do you search for other blogs?? There is no search engine..
I've been using wordpress for a while now, and I recently published a blog post but it doesn't show on the app under Posts. And when i tried to see the blog post using other apps like Google Chrome and stuff, IT IS NOWHERE TO BE SEEN! :( I can only see it when I access my blog using my laptop. I don't know what is going on, please fix this. :(
I can't log in !
It's ok for short posts, quick photo uploads or checking out your stats. But if you're running a more in-depth blog....eh....use your computer/laptop.
Still trying to get a hang if it...
Works great. Can't say enough.
The last update ruined it , now my stats just keep on loading and it shows nothing.
Easy created
I've been using wordpress now for just over a year and this app has been absolutely brilliant. It's good for managing your posts and I often start writing posts using this app. A must have for any blogger.
This is a great app.  Try it and you'll love it!
You need to improve the app...
Please fix! Keeps crashing it doesn't let me edit my posts. Because it keeps crashing.
Wordpress is honestly one of my favorite apps by far. You can publish good quality posts and keep track of everything very clearly and easily. it's a must to all the bloggers out there!
I can't tell how good or bad this app is as it won't let me log in to my self hosted website. It doesn't recognise my details but they work when I log in on a web browser.  I'm hoping it is better than the last version, which had random error messages when I tried to refresh any page (particularly the comments section).
I use this app to blog while traveling. I have had simple posts (just text and photos) upload as blank SO many times, which I finally realized is when I have too many photos (now I try to cap at 10 or 15). No indication that something is wrong, just waiting 30+ minutes for an upload, then finding out that it is blank. No usable draft, no way to get the content back other than to start over. So incredibly frustrating. Also, formatting is off when I try to edit on a desktop when I've saved a draft from app.
I love blogging in here.. About my Poetry and Short Stories (Ellie Rayne)
You
It is handy for a lot of things, but if I edit a post between my 3 different devices, I never know when the changes will stick or if I need to copy and paste to and from a different cloud document app to ensure I'm working with the most recent revision. Kind of defeats the purpose of this app
I recently had an issue but they helped me fix the it. I do have one request for the developers. It would be nice if I could edit my posts in more of a WYSIWYG way like on the website. Right now I have to edit the HTML to make changes which can be useful, but many times more of a hassle. It's also not user friendly for anyone who doesn't know HTML5. If you could add a visual mode to the app it would be useful. The in-app support chat is excellent though.
Whatever WordPress did. .. I  am no longer able to even access my account.   :(
Terbaik
None of my user accounts work :/
Help i need this Apps
Superb
Wooow application i like it
I love writing on WordPress in my phone bcs its more flexible,I can write and post everything everywhere!
Now this apps not good. Can't refresh content. Could nt refresh at this time msg  is showng always
Feel faster than web version. .  but please make improvements on writing fiture..
I like it. I can write my blog with easy access.
Good knowledgeable
Mansorjan
Okk
etablog
Very ok for my publications
Do not download
Ausom
If I create a post the first time, I can add a gallery, insert pictures, set the featured image. But if I open an existing post I only see shortcodes, cannot change/remove featured images and cannot edit images/galleries, only the shortcode directly.
So far so good
When I try to edit my pages, it only shows me code, not the visual layout of my page. Useless.
Now I can access my blogs without booting up the computer! Also it is really easy to post, add pages and switch between if you have multiple blogs. I would definitely recommend wordpress to other people.
Best blog apps
This app has got progressively worse with each new update. Most recent ones have given hard to read font and destroyed statsvpage, my stats via app are on a 24-36hour lag vs  what i can see via desktop browser
The Facebook connection sometimes disconnects and then I have to reconnect it. It's annoying. If it is at all possible that it can be fixed, then that would be appreciated.
Constantly crashing even though that's not the main issue I can't write a post add an attachment add a poll and the application itself is confusing
This app is very good for posting regular posts. But there are no many option like your PC software, and here no option to use the theme options in mobile app.......
It says Error in media Uploading.
Great app
nice to use for mobile..
Twelve articles and numerous images have been accessed (verified by logging into my blog using my PC) but some of those accessed articles are not listed in Stats under Post and Pages (only nine are showing, three of which are images) and there is no View All option at the bottom of Posts and Pages because, for some reason, the tenth article/image that triggers View All is not being shown under Stats, it's being held back. Also, it would be nice to see what's in the Spam folder to check for legit comments.
I reinstalled for twice times because it always failed I don't know why , seem it doesn't work well on Phone , pls make it better and I'm waiting that version
Really bad all if you want to upload pictures. I uploaded a dozen of them and the app says failed to upload and then I try again, I don't see the photos nor the draft
It will take time to get used to this site...alot to learn in order to get it looking like i want it..
As usual
Its gr8
Won't load images I've uploaded when viewing journal. Says "you must log in or be a member", but I'm logged into the app???
Ilike it's face to the following pages for my highding video and photos of my favorite things. I'm sure it will take a look forward this message is very good condition with all. Now improve my phone I used the same as last week of the world press. Thanks for sharing this with a very good condition with all.
Does the job just right
--*
When I need to update some of my post it shows the html version, which is very confusing to work at.
For years I have loved WordPress. The PC version of WordPress I always always loved. You can do anything with it. But on PC years ago it got tiresome because unless you got a team or the right tools its hard to code or it takes money. I love the WordPress APP because now.. the mobile version is even more simple and yet I about gurantee the code and skins will be so easy anybody can do it. Which in this day in time, Tools like WordPress are always important! But there is nobody.. like WordPress!
After I hit download and allow the app to use whatever it needs then it just sits there and won't download. Idk how to fix it.
Not sure why but it stopped refreshing the posts on blogs I follow. I uninstalled it for a fresh start and can't even reinstall. What's up, WordPress?
Mashallah
Yipiiieee
Same struggle in uploading posts especially media. This is so disappointing.
It is working properly.nice..
Nice. I like it
I use and have relied on wordpress for some time and love the ease of use on my home computer. That being said, just tried using the mobile app for first time and am not thrilled. Attempted to make one post three times resulting in crashing/locking up my phone and failing to upload. Unistalled until fixed (droid turbo)
Fast....
january 19, 2015.......am on kit kat tablet.... latest version of wordpress very buggy.   march 26, 2015---is working better with less problems.
It is a very best blogging app. I like it!
Good App.
Easy user friendly.
I'm running version 3.8.1, and I really like the interface.  Improved utility, too.  The previous problem of retrieving stats on only one blog seems to be fixed.  Occasionally I have to re-enter login information on the 2 other blogs - this seems to be a problem at the WP servers, not with the app itself.  Good app, and getting better.
Now i can post for my blog
This is such a dumb problem. I get most m y content from tumblr. When I save the images using my android phone and then upload them using this wordpress app the image in the post is broken and unviewable....Anyone else have this issue?
I feel really, really grumpy after watching the actual functionality of this app, iOS and Android, go to zero over the past several updates. As of tonight I can't even post a short update. This feels like a real betrayal after having migrated from another CMS when this app was one of my most desired features. Hoping it gets fixed.
The app works great for all content freshly pressed, my stats etc. But it doesn't load my posts, media etc for any of my blogs. It has been going on for a while, don't you track bugs?
Very easy to use app.
Becoz... WordPress helps you to store your precious past memories within the blog.
I need it to be more similar to the pc version, like coloring and all other features that a person would use. Other than this when i edit something it look like html with all codes and it bothers me alot. Beside those problems i love it.
I think it also some fake apps Now I understood it's true
Wordpress
great
Blog on the Go!
Simple and easy to use! Love the app
Enjoying using this app as it integrates well with the desktop version
Great app. I can put in posts, save them as drafts, and edit them later. I do this during down times at work or when I'm away from my laptop. Great convenience. I'd love an offline mode though (unless I just haven't found it yet)
Basic functionality is great, but this app doesn't support custom taxonomies. My self-hosted website has custom taxonomies. But when posting from this app, I only get to choose the standard categories and tags. The custom taxonomies aren't listed. It would be great if someone could guide me to an app that'll fulfill this requirement.
The Blog is on my " To Do" List!. (My HTC One System has Updated to Android 5.0 Lollipop).
Works very well with Nexus 6
Best website
Nic app
I can wrote a post using the app, but I can't seem to post from the app....How do you post using the app on your phone....help!!!
Love having access to my site from my phone, being able to put pics directly into wordpress from my phone is great and a time saver. Can be buggy. Never let's me approve comments or reply to comments from the app. But for what it does, it does much of it fairly well.
It won't load any of the themes. I have been trying to preview them but it doesn't work. Please fix!
Gets better with every release. Not wholly convinced by all the social stuff built in, I tend to use this for the editing and publishing tools more than anything.
This program is not supporting android 2.3.x AnyMore ... so i dislike it ..
Pls it will never let me log it pls why am using a self hosted site
Problems signing in. I'm using the same username and password as my desktop; no problems there.
Nyc app saves time
Been using for years, easy and convenient. Not restricted to desktop editing (like Wix) and theme templates are easy to swap out as often as you like. Please make what we see in templates switch our blogs to EXACTLY what they curate as - we're not all programmers/coders! Then I would give 5 stars.
Been using for years, easy and convenient. Not restricted to desktop editing (like Wix) and theme templates are easy to swap out as often as you like. Please make what we see in templates switch our blogs to EXACTLY what they curate as - we're not all programmers/coders! Then I would give 5 stars.
This app sucks. Since I installed, I have not been able to open up my posts or read the blogs I am following. It always has some or other error. FIX IT
Could be better with Markdown support.
I like this app
Raghun
The app is pathetic and does not work or post anything at all. Very disappointed.
Reader doesn't really function at all, which is quite disappointing. I may get three or four different posts listed from within a week out of the numerous posts from the several dozen blogs I follow and see when I use the reader on a pc.
This app made blogging easy...agape
Allows me to easily manage my blog
Bloguma her yerde erisebiliyorum
Loved it
Good downloader
Good app. Comments not always synching.
Gooooood
Nice
Cannot login to app
I'm happy with its performance
Always fails when I try to upload any post with pictures! Always after uploading all but the last then it fails saying unable to resolve host!? Please sort/help! Has also cleared a fully written draft post that I can't get back, as has no trash or resorted drafts options. On the website, it doesn't shoe the drafts from app either. Help!!
Great App!!!
It's work on galaxy grand neo
Removes the brackets from html, so it is unable to create a post containing links without editing the html on a desktop computer!
This app seems a bit pointless. It doesn't give you access to sites you've connected to your WordPress account using Jetpack, and it doesn't seem to support adding sites protected with Rublon, which WordPress recommends. Fix these issues up and it would be great.
I think you should add the text color option on the app just like it's available on the desktop.
Just for posting and some other small stuff. Doesn't have access to widget, plugins etc.
Goood
Installed several months ago, new version has many more options and though it's much simpler than the website (didn't expect a full version of the web), keeps getting better every time I open.
I love WordPress as I've been continuously writing my successful blog in WordPress. I have established 8000 readers around the globe but I would be highly happy if you kindly add fonts and sizes of the font along with table inside the pad.
Nice
I don't like a logo. It looked better as it was before
Can't upload anything!!
But ever since the update i cant open my notifications please fix!!
You know how sometimes you just can't get something to work? This app is that something. No me gusta.
Reader needs a back button. Keep exiting when i hit back button on my phone. Oh, and images should be zoomable too.
It does what you expect it to. It doesn't let you choose a featured image when writing a new post though and that's annoying!
Best
Bravo Suzanne.
I think it would be nice if there was a preview tag (from my tag that already exist) when I tagging my post
I dislike the new WordPress logo. It looked better as it was before. Hence one less star.
Sorry for asking this..maybe u can fix it...i have post my story..and then when i want to read my previous story i saw at the redword..it say DRAFT...and i think it not publish my story at all...that why i can't find the story at browser..pls fix it
I can't login using my self-hosted site. It keeps saying that it is invalid.
This is a great app.
Look is styale
Good
My post is shown in the drafts but it is showing uploading and its not opening.. plzz I need to upload it soon .. do something..
Since the update, I have had numerous issues. Unable to publish, loosing my vital write ups and so on. My posts have been removed and overall my website and its work, the majority of it has vanished all down to one simple tap of the publish button of what was to be a new post. Which did not publish other than wipe my hard work. So thanks for that guys! Much appreciated! I will never rely on this application again!
It's nice app for blogging.
is bad
As someone who constantly blogs, it would've been helpful if I can use my smartphone to blog. However, with this WordPress app, it doesn't fit to the tee. Some of the functions are missing. I just couldn't properly blog the same way I do with my laptop.
It is very interesting
It is glitchy and looses work sometimes.
Won't insert pictures to content.
Pitty the image upload button doesn't work.
Doesn't even install. This is so sad.
But for the WordPress, domain mapping at $13? Are you crazy -.- moving to blogspot for it to be free after years of writing on wordpress.
The app is reasonably useful. It allows you to post to your blogs. But it's limited in controls. For example there is not even a way to centre text, etc. Also. It seems to be very memory-hungry, causing very long (let's crash out of it) pauses, or simply locking and crashing out. Needs more work.
Love this app
Stucked on loading forever, it contain 500 words and 5 images taken with my phone..
best best best best best best best
Best application
I just upgraded my Motorola Moto G to Lollipop and I'm unable to like and write comments on any blog.. Please fix this issue then I'll give it 5 stars for sure!
Sharminaji
Supr
Word
Easy to use - unsure of its impact
Like this....
But any one can say me that how can I join this app to my AdSense account
GOOD
Liked it
Can't use the app for a self hosted WordPress. Refuses to connect or recognise passwords or usernames.
There will be days where it runs so smoothly, and I have no issues with it. Then there are days when I have great connection and the app craps itself and errors come up. I've even been signed in to my account, and the app is asking me to re-sign in, and telling me my password or username is wrong, when I know for a fact its right.
I wish I can type in color or any other privilege when you're using the comp
Everytime want to publish post with picture..always said error upload..
Plz don't suggests unwanted blogs
Cool
It would be the best if we can post the blog by offline connection.
Good
This app is good. Finding this is. Awesome. Sharing with others and Share your thoughts  to everyone. It works for me and fine
It keeps  telling me  to use lowercase. I  do. Still  won't let me blog.  It will  not let me correct anything, just  keep inputting what I deleted.
THE APP DELETE YOUR POST'S CONTENT WHEN PRESSING BACK BUTTOM AND SHOWS AN ERROR UPLOADING A POST (MY CONECTION IS PERFECT). FOX THAT! I'VE LOST LOT OF WORK AND TIMEEE
Doesn't work right, always crashes and never let's me scroll
Could use more features to update page features too.
Always a bloggers first contact
If I try to save my post to drafts, it directly get published. Create problems
Awesome... I love it
I'm new and this gives me a confident feeling about my site
I literally just downloaded this app and it won't let me upload a picture for anything. You need to fix it
I have used WP before and found it very engaging. Least to be said, I'm now approaching it at a very granular level, so, there's some exploration to be done. Whatever I've seen so far I've liked. I hope WP agrees with me and remains the same.
Why i can't dl ?
Simple and manageable. Good app. :)
No option for adding files otherthan photo!!!!!  Y???
Setting feature Image, publication with different category non of that work
.....
My pages of our website for more details about your business needs gurgaon
Can't login without any reason
Love it
Helps me a lot to use my time efficiently on writing wherever i am. The system is simple and userfriendly to me. ( i run my wordpress as a blog, dunno if it works as well for people run it as a shop or gallery )
Talking about only the app features, very bad one.
Funciona muy bien para publicar On the go. Me gustaria poder controlar lo que sale publicado en las redes sociales (publizice) desde el App.
Really impressive
The last couple of posts I've tried to make, the app won't let me upload pics. So dumb.
No words  to explain. Thanks to wordpress team.
Not user friendly... Every thing is so large... For every thing a new window? Why this can't be like Facebook?
I love the wordpress app! I think featured images should be added since most of us blog using our phones/tablets.
Love it!
Doesn't Allow Me To Log In
Cool
Is helpful for you to be able to blog on the go and use pictures straight from your phone. But it keeps CRASHING AND LOSING MY POSTS! !! That's so frustrating to spend valuable time writing only for it to disappear kmt
Can only see Reader & Notification button on my Mobile App..Unable to Post my Blog. .Pls Help
Just downloaded it and cant connect to wp site lol seriously, stick to what you know best, tumblr.
Thanks
How can i delete my bolg...?
   
Wifi
This app is easy to use and way better than Google's blogger which was just a pain in the arse.
Since last update, publishing isn't working. Please sort soon.
Still awesome!
I love WordPress and I love this app. It has served me well for a long time now. However, for the last week it has not let me publish from my phone. It won't switch between 'draft' and 'publish' anymore. The drop-down appears to be frozen. I have to login to a desktop or laptop to publish. Needles to say, I don't get to publish that often anymore. Help!!
Not refreshing nothing coming
It gives you all the basic functions you need to post
Drug administration and the new one is a new year and then we can be we can you have a lot of this messaghje in this email
Setting featured image just doesn't work, yes I'm on latest WP and my theme has featured image yet they just go into the post instead.
Doesn't seem to work well on Samsung Note 4
I need this app badly but I am unable to download this. My mobile is moto x 2nd gen.. Please fix it asap
Bad app.
I love this
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Also, I only added my self hosted blog so the most important piece is working.
Worked fine until the new app and new wordpress update.  My completely updated website,  the most important one, won't connect at all. The only option is to install a 2 year old app that has a 2.5 rating to get the xml-rpc page to work. I have 2 websites on the same host that are hopelessly out of date that both connect to the app, so the host doesn't block anything (I have 2 other services that have phone apps and work fine as well). The problem is either in the app or the site upgrade.
Can't upload images and then use them in a post. New images uploaded online can't be refreshed. Drafts edited from online or another device don't change. Creating links does nothing when clicked
A five star after you add the justify command in your editing mode and some other basic editing Commands. The apps is simply great for me.
It is just .....
G4, Great for me.
                          
I like that it's quicker than being on a computer. I lost articles because I pushed the wrong buttons. Otherwise it was slow, but no worries.
It has no sub title option . Please make more feacher  for it
You can't see your all time views anymore.  That really sucks!
Samsem
Android app is the WORST. Just can't post any blog through it. Every time it gives the error "No peer certificate". Terrible. A complete disaster.  Utterly complicated. No options to customise font size and font style in individual blog posts. PATHETIC. Biggest mistake of my life was creating my first blog page on wordpress platform which is so damm  complex. If possible I would give this useless app minus 100 rating. Bad. Disgusting. Yuckkkkkkk.
Great way to manage my blog
Only downloads to 73% then stops.
Can anyone upload photos? coz mine don't ... fix that please
WordPress is great especially the updated version, though I am still trying to figure where everything is because I am used to the last version. I can write blogs and do pictures, Great App!
After editing tags on first image the same data appears in the fields for the second and subsequent images overwriting what's already there!
love
Nice enough.. ;)
Arrggh why does it take time to download
a simple minipack, like a online notebook pad
Fix this app. I cant upload pictures at all.
g
This app used to be perfect. Now I don't get notifications of new comments. When I click on comments it says 48 comments I have to type into the browser to get access to them as this app shows a blank screen. Once this was a great app. Why break something that once worked so well. I have thousands of people on my site every day. This app is awful.
It would be nice if it have more text formatting.
The questions I asked were replied to immediately and was useful! Also, loving the new wordpress themes!! Many thumbs up! 
Great offline features
I have to use this for my internship... But it constantly causes my phone to freeze... It slows down my entire connection.. and sometimes post don't post at all. It needs to be made more efficient for people who post a lot of picture and words. Because it's to slow. Takes like 10 minutes to upload one photo.
Created a blog and creation pages were easy and fun
Wow
Easy to use
Error after Error
Cannot see my custom fields, I only see the date & publish status field. Very disappointed... and also no support for custom settings apart from posts and pages.
It is good for getting stats and keeping up to date with comments, and the writing platform is ok, I like how it does the markup. You can't create children or nest pages, which is very annoying.
It is Center of communication.
the new version is not working and loading, the old was better
Very cool and easy to work with
Changing my original review to 2 stars as this often doesn't work properly and I seem to always get a http 500 error. Some fundamental functions are missing as well.
Tankx my app.
I hate the new setup it's just hard to use period.
I'm back logged in and now to see how it works for me.
Blog system
WordPress is simply superb
It has been a while since I used this app, but I've noticed so many improvements that were made that provides the user with a better experience.
I get to see were my view's coming from,USA,Ireland and what not.Great app
Oh Love
x dpt bila boleh jumpa awak bila pulak
EXTREAMLY VERY SATISFIED AND EXCELL APP
Very handy for blog management on the go
Not Bad
Nice app
Look likes cool
Awesome
Doesn't bring in any of the E-commerce elements of my website. Useless for most on the go work if you run an online shop.
Now its a 1, and &lt; is generous.
The best app to do everything on. As good as sitting at a computer.
Please STOP messing this app pretending you improve it?! I just lost a page worth of an important reply, and this is NOT the first time this week. Top developer of what? It's intellectual properties getting lost in this mess. I have to start/restart it every time I want to use it. I am getting tired of writing you... Do you read the chain of complaints people are writing?
Sometimes it deletes everything I've types which is very annoying
Superb
Just good
Np:1
Nice....  :)
An app to make you famous!!!
The updates have made this app so much better! The UI is beautiful and accessing my self-hosted site has never been easier and error free! Ty!
Mantap bener app nya
Cannot connect to self hosted wordpress while it's fine using my web browser.
Returns 404 error when I upload. Can view site, all posts, including drafts, though.
Really its too good;-)
They help with your website for free
For an older version
Awesome
Rejecting my username and password!
Uc main open karo wahan theak ha yahaan nahi
Half of the time it says 'can not refresh'
I have a news site using WP. And this easy-to-use app make our work more easier on mobile.. hope this app could facilitizing user as desktop version has
this app is useful app for me..thanx to WordPress team...
New version always opens to posts (the least useful section for me on mobile) regardless of what section I left on. It also says I've got unmoderated d comments (up to date on the website) and when I try to moderate them via the app it says "error". Not bad otherwise, but frustrating enough for me to opt for desktop over the app.
I love  it......!!!!
nice!
Bir.   Yildiz.   Bile.  Degilsin.
No plugin options in post.
Like
...that would show stats for self-hosted blog, without having to start the app? It could cover the four categories that are already there (views, visitors, comments, likes). It could be a simple 4x1 widget in which you could set refresh interval, period for viewing stats (daily, weekly, monthly...), etc.
Must have for every blogger
I have been using this app since a couple of months and I find it both useful and really simple to use. Recommended.
...is painful!!! Why is that, I'm on an LG G3, every time I upload an image on WiFi it slows down my system process an unbelievable slug speed. SMH
Usefull
1. Still problem uploading posts that have an image as their first object. Uploads fine if put some text in front. 2.  Cannot quickly follow and cannot view the blog (fails to load) of people who follow or like a post. Otherwise not bad! 
greate ! what a app really 3 cheers for the loosers hurrey3...after 3 hours of workin on a post it didn't publish and i can't find it in my draft ! total tym waste !
Thank you. But Pinterest doesn't allow me to pin my blogs. It says that is a spam or suspicious pin.  Do you have any idea?
I love WordPress.. But lately the words won't even load when I click on a post. Please please fix this. It used to work perfectly.. Resolve the issue and I'll change to 5 stars.
I'm not able to upload images to my blog using the app.
Nic
I also miss the old stats page with the key word  search and the all time stats please  bring it back
I love Wordpress
It's good but will not allow me to upload photos to my blog post
I love using WordPress online. However, in the app needs much improvement. It's nearly impossible to post pictures to your profile or on the customization page, and even if the upload works, you still can't crop. It's a pain in the butt having to wait until I come home to edit my posts instead of just using the simpler app. The information text is often skewed off of the page making it illegible. another issue is the sidebar - it doesn't always show all of the features of the app. Poor quality app.
Act
I cannot login with credentials prooved using web browser. Continue using web browser, uninstalling app.
Helpful app for updating blog,previously gave this 4/5 down to 3 stars now because it never updates my comments anymore, i get about 5 new comments and then the rest are from 6 days ago and i definitely have at least 50 newer comments than that, also you have to reply before you can approve the comment, if you just click approve it takes you back to all the comments, why cant we have a reply and approve button like online?
Marketer
Like
Is awesome
nice..
I have 2 blogs and can't access both just one via the app
me
I am uninstalling the app. Just got the log in and lost old drafted post. I could have simply use the Google keep to write my post on the go.Please help!! I have wrote few pages of blog in this application now I am not able to login in same username and password that i used earlier to login. I don't want to loose the blog I have written that is locally drafted with the app.
Good app, reduces time spent on pc
i cannot or i dont know how to make my post as top post using this app, is there anyone who knows how i can?
Its cool..big upps!
Like
Good job
It meets my needs...
Bacaan: Yosua 2:1-14 NATS: Tetapi perempuan itu telah membawa dan menyembunyikan kedua orang itu (Yosua 2:4)  Pada tahun 1803, Thomas Jefferson memerintahkan Lewis and Clark untuk memimpin suatu ekspedisi melintasi bagian Amerika yang belum terjelajahi sampai ke Pantai Pasifik. Ekspedisi ini dinamai Corps of Discovery [Satuan Penemuan] sesuai dengan namanya. Ekspedisi itu mendata 300 spesies baru, mengidentifikasi hampir 50 suku Indian, dan menjelajahi medan yang belum pernah disaks
The app will not allow me to login to my WordPress site not hosted on WordPress. I try logging in using self-hosted using the login url, user,pass.. & get nowhere. Is WordPress sites hosted with other hosting comps, not compatible with app?
I like it
The app is good. But I find it difficult to publish an article OTG. Still prefer the web version. Also, the latest update has brought in improve stats, which is really good.
I love this app I have designed 2 website a great developer developed this app
Its. Great app to start a blog. Works even better on PC.
"... Post comment", "... View post" constantly - don't understand why
It has the basic needed features of the site. The reader is in a pretty format displaying posts as much like the reader on the sites. I like how it saves the posts on local draft on the phone. This is a big plus for bloggers on the move. I have posted a few while I was traveling and I really wish they would put more editing options in the new post section. Love this app nevertheless.
Much better that blogger. Serves it's purpose.
It's very good
Awesome and all - encompassing.
Good information for people
Why when I go to add an image the image URL option is not in the app!!??? It's a very useful app and I really need it so please add it and I will give you 5 stars.
Everything is working great except the 'posts', it always say couldn't refresh post while my connection is working great with every other thing...
This a nice platform for junior journalist. I love it
Very good
Nice blogging app
Nice awi
Simple to post on the run, and see your sites. Recommended :)
Phone freezes almost totally during post upload. Every phone I tried. Junk from such a big player. I'm sure it works perfectly on iPhone.
I hardly get the complete notifications these days. My follower count is stuck on a particular number since two days even when it is increasing at a rapid rate. The app doesn't show complete notifications and it's extremely annoying.
&lt;3
Can't consistantly find dashboard or appearance apps. Have no idea how to get back to the page with all the side settings once I hit view site. I would like to easily change the appearance of my blog fom any page. Please fix.  I've read other posts with similar issues and really don't want to work on a post and have it to disappear after "45 min" of work.  I have no problem with changing my rating once these issues are fixed. Thanks.
Love love love
Ok so I wanted to connect my phone w
This app takes forever to upload my new post. And some things have been changed that I don't agree with. I liked seeing what search terms people used to find my blog, and now I can't see that anymore. The quote goes if it ain't broke don't fix it.
Using this to start a fresh WordPress page was very difficult. Still unable to bring up a dashboard that allows me to change the appearance to customise my pictures. It was there on day one, now it's gone and I can't find a way to bring it back. The main dish only has themes but doesn't include the appearance option. Very frustrating!
Can't post anything! Please fix this!
Nice
I can't log into my Self-Hosted blog.
This software can do everything you need on the go for multiple sites even!
Good
I really hate this app! I wrote a looong text and then I saved it into a draft. When i came back to continue my post, what i wrote before disappeared! I really disappointed with this app!  I will change my rate if you guys can fix it to a better version. Thank you and sorry for my bad English.
Seriously, it takes hours to post just one photo!!
Best WordPress app
Now task has been much easy.
Joke
I haven't used it in about a year, but now it won't connect to my self-hosted site...kinda makes it useless to me...
Always the coolest place to blog. Thanks for the free app Android. More updates more fun
1. Probleem met oplaai van poste, bladsye en media. 2. Alhoewel ek ingeteken is,  bly dit vir se ek's nie ingeteken nie.
Saya suka tulis di blog jdi ini shj la app yg terbaik bgi sya...dn I
Captions disappear when changing draft to post, galleries don't always save, and now picture id plays up so halve the pics don't show up in post. Please fix!
Dahir Shekh maxamed
Martin Godinez
I can't get it to work. I get SSL errors with my self hosted WordPress 4.1 with a free SSL cert from StartCom. Clicking Yes on the error does no good, it just pops up another SSL error, then another, on forever, never actually making any progress. Clicking No obviously doesn't fix it, and Details just pops up a blank screen with a title at the top. This app is open source though, I think, so I might see if I can fix the bug myself.
Tall fun easy to a tap open minded
The mobility is great, now I can sit on the bus and blog
I turned to this applications  help for my party updates
Perfect so much.
too good
i like it. also you did a great job keep it up. thank you
Awesome!
Misses a few things..
Im entering right username and password that also it says sry we cant create
WP app helps to Time Save.
Sip tjuy
Every time I write something it always says: Wordspress has stopped. Is this some bug you people didn't know about?
Wasn't expecting much but this works great for posting to my self-hosted WP instance.
Help me writer when idea come
Loving it. Awesome
thanks!
Try again
I like this apps
It works great for me
Good
Wow
And now on tablet! I made my website before I got this app! Thank you for this!
Great
This is great, I just wish we could just simply have a 'delete blog' button.
Easy to use
Notification don't load property.
The sidebar is fixed but I can't reply to comments
Before the most recent update I could see Search Engine Terms, which are very important info. With the update, you've taken that away! Please add it back to the Stats! While your at it, remove the tags & category, publicize, videos (because it doesn't work), and comments sections. Or at least make it so we can choose what info we want to see in our Stats.
Its not tell the searching keywords where come the organic traffic
support my mobile content
Top search keywords very useful in previous version, hope can include back in next update, thanks.
I consider myself fairly good with technology, but this app is hard to use and the menus are not logically organized.
Good app for my wheel but  it doesn't upload image of more than and no video unlike directly on the web
I'm a happy blogger, and this app is great!
Can't I sign in? Even when I entered my website that's hosted in WP, just says that my password or login is incorrect - even tho the same combo works EVERY, time on my laptop. What's going on??!
Gud
well
Really good displayy!
I can't make posts from the app. It defeats the purpose of me even having the app. Please fix.
Got it again
Enjoy blogging
Glad to have WP on the go!
Very usefull app
Hard to navigate and not at all intuitive on android platforms. Many buttons are nonresponsive, but works in a pinch...better off working from the website...
I have an installation of WordPress that must use a cert for a different domain on the server. When trying to sign in, I get a message about accepting an unverified cert, but tapping "Yes" doesn't sign me in and then provides me with the same message again, continuously in a loop.
Best
Nice
Seems like I cannot submit comment to the blog i followed. The comment somehow did not show up. Please fix
The last version was much better. Now both app and desktop version are less useful than before.
Last update is step back...  why do you keep messing with the app all the time?
This app used to be trash but it has greatly improved since the last time I used it!
Simply used
It used to be good, now I cant upload pictures. The old was better.
Simply love this
I don't like this new app. I need the old one back...
Phew....
Hmmm this feels so nice
My complaint has been resolved, now it works like a charm. Thank you.
Hate the new set up, what is it? Can you not just leave the layout as it is, forever changing. So annoying
At least developers of this app are very prompt at fixing issues even though only few users experienced them. And the app is useful if you're a Wordpress user.
Uploading new images never puts them on the blog. New posts including those images don't display them. Can't proofread or spellchecker and hyperlink button doesn't work. Stats don't let you see most popular posts or hits over all time
WordPress has been a great tool to get my voice out there in the world. Check out my SUM City blog.
Hi! Since my English was lack, I only say a little bit of my wants by using this app. I only use my phone to update my blog and since my browser (and of course my phone) can't works maximally, I hope you could add another ability that I found in website ver. Like, update header image, or set up widget? Well, thanks for creating this awesome app and I'll waiting for the next update. And one question again, why there is no justify icon in all WP version? *justasking*
Can we please go back to the old stats page.  On the new one you can't see how many views of all time and it doesn't give you the option to see it.  You were also able to see your best ever veiws but not any more.  Please fix
That's all I get from the *official* Wordpress app.
this app dose not upload 8 MB file for shere , and used so many data. and i cant upload media file by this app. thank you.
A must get
Just downloaded, and noticed posts contain no formatting, edited only to realise you have to enter HTML manually. If the web admin has WYSIWYG why doesn't the app? Uninstalling...
I just download it, too early to comment about the review
..but now I LUV IT!
Thanks
This is great aap fo me n so many helpful in my journalism study
I m a regular Google Blogger and frist time using WordPress its looks similar to Google blogger ! But it's ok !
WOW WHAT A GOOD TIME
Please fix the menu button on the top left corner.
Blogging made easy
App not working on s5. Its not uploading posts and pages. Useless to me. Fix it.
Hildahoward)
So, after getting a reply from the developer, I gave the app another try.  Now it's locking up the whole phone.  Who cares about cuter icons when your whole system is frozen?! What a disappointment.  I love Wordpress, but truly hate this app.
well after I update my phone to lollipop, its fixed and every thing going smoothly. I am always lose my posts updates because the app on my LGG3 Always hang up when I uploading any media , and I get upload failed .
Nice
No comment
WordPress is an every day part of my life.
I used to love this app,  made it very convenient to update my blog and post photos.  For the past few weeks it is almost impossible to upload photos,  making the app almost useless as that's a huge part of my blog.  If this were fixed I'd really like it again.
mantap
And I can't  find anything to replace it. It's kind of like an old girl friend I had years ago- we both knew we would part someday when the right one came along.
Most  importantt app for every site publisher.
Its good
K
Loved it lot...
I came across a weird problem. I am using a plugin to compress all the uploaded images to 70%, and it works perfectly through web browsers. But, unfortunately mobile app doesn't seem to compress any images uploaded through the app. Please fix it people !
Thankyou very muuchhh!!
A great platform for beginners who are seriously considering blogging!  Superb
Gold
Why couldn't  this be as beautiful  as  your mobile web page. This app refuses to add categories. Clunky.
I uploaded multi photos to my site....via browser it use the thumbnails of images which I want. ...but when I upload from this app It use full size image....help needed on this
Awesome product by dev team and they must be crafted with 5 star badges, ya there is such updation needed like activating wallpaper needs such tym ( hard to set them) . But afterall wow :)
nice app
Won't  even allow  logins
Ol
Will not allow me to login to my self hosted site. Login works fine in browser.
Whenever I try to upload any media file it always says that an error occurred.Its worthless app.can't use.
Sorry to say, but I cant find xmlrpc on wp 4.1. Actually it was enabled automatically. But I still cannt login. Anyone can help?
Downloaded because I heard this app got better. Lies. Can't even add my self-hosted site! All I get is an error saying it can't connect to the site. IT'S BEEN 5 MONTHS.
Great
Literally a low storage and a perfect app
Good, Not Great
V
Awesome
Please un-f this app so that I can use it on my Samsung galaxy s5 again.
Mantab, posting, update, sharing on your hand. Awesome
This app has just stopped working. I've uninstalled and reinstalled a few times and it's just not working
Kece banget
I can do things on my moon phone
Great material redesign..
Use your brain
I have a hard time connecting to other bloggers?!?! For some reason not a lot of people use it but it's the only one that I could download.
Can't Login into it - V3.5 , I re installed it again .On web able to login
Nothing in the app loads. Everything fails. Please fix this. The older version was fine.
Simple and intuitive design. Works very well.
The new update has some issues. 1. When I select a pic the pic does not post. When I share a pic to a new post, it posts the pic multiple times. Sharing pics to Media, does not work either.
Very informative.like it
Awesomeee....!!
Super
My act name is not my real name my email is not public on WordPress my username is not my real name there is no reference to it and I do not know this media outlet blog and they replied to my comment with my real name. There is some compromise of privacy. Be ware.
This app doesn't show my posts n pages...
It is wow
zam zam soda
Failed to upload media files from my mobile...
automatically updated and lost the post i was working on.
I can't get to the menu. The setting do not work.
Nice app save a lot of time
What's the point? I can log into my site much faster directly through the web than I can with the app. It's difficult to edit anything as the screen jumps around when you try to scroll. If there's a WYSIWYG editor I couldn't find it. It added formatting to a post I had started on my computer, which is funny because in the preview all the formatting is stripped. I'll stick with working directly via the web thank you.
I just installed a self hosted site and was able to login from this App. Im still learning how to use WP
Since i get to compare this with the ios version. I find this version better than the ios one.
I like the app but the stats don't update correctly. I know I've received more views and yet it doesn't update. I also tried to edit my post but it didn't go through until I logged onto my laptop. Otherwise, Nice app.
Is there any way we can post new product (for online store) from this mobile app?
A new material design update has a pleasing effect on the usability of the app.
After your 3.5 update I have not been able to use this app... I wish I could change my score,  and I will as soon as my samsung galaxy note is able to use this app again. The app never makes it past the white screen before asking me to close the app.
Since the latest update I can't pull down to refresh the Posts page. Please fix!
Its coolest app for notes and blogs..  
Why update a good thing? My stats are all off now.
Navigating to a place to search tags is too complex. App is completely off with regards to the back button. Keeps taking me out of the app instead of the previous page.
It does posting easy when you're away from PC, well loading times should be decreased and it has some issues uploading media files every single post i did has problems adding img files, all the photos that are uploaded gets to the starting point of the post and the we have to manually adjust the html code and editor can have features that are available in full WordPress of course and make editor better, new material approach is amazing, slide out bar can be little bit more "less crowdy"
Good for blogging. :)
This used to be an amazing app. I posted most of my posts through the app instead of on my computer. Since the update the app no longer works, and is extremely frustrating
Having to log out,  retype a site credentials  to switch sites is wasteful
Back to overloading the server, and bringing it to it's knees. My host emailed me with graphs and asked me to stop using it. Last iteration was great, this update its terrible
yes
I want it has more funtion as pasible..
can't pull my posts can't pull my pages can't post on blog. Always says peer certicafate issue.  The developers, QA engineers and PM should be hang in public.  Using on Samsung Note2, with Kitkat
Best app for sharing individual thought
Great
Since the update (according to previous posters) it will not let me share to my Facebook page. Please fix so I can love it again!
Excellent, it's clean, easy to navigate, just overall good
U need to update the layout of app like the new dashboard. . The interface is very old .. and more and more the people using the app to react with them blog
Short of words
it's a great way for me to except and move on from tragities or just simply day to day crap
So bad
In this app we can learn any to use full us
This app works well for what I need it for. Clean amd simple. Also, the support team is top notch.
When I try to upload a photo to a post it breaks the post and doesn't display the photo, only the HTML markup. Then I have to hit a browser and fix it, which makes posting on the fly useless. If this was fixed, I'd go to 4 stars. If i could define a photo resize for uploaded photos, 5 stars.
It is not stable yet. It stucks to drag Menu in Apparent.
Beat Google to the punch with it.
Does not respond since update
account not cardit
Please support RTL in the app for Arabic language
Everyone keeps talking about WordPress.  But what is worth the point of picking out a theme if the app doesn't reflect it. Its just ugly blue basic ui.  I'm not very impressed at the hype at all.
Solved login. Great Material Design.
Please do not convert special character in [sourcecode] tag
Nice
Was great, but just updated itself, 08/01/2015 & desperately slow to respond/display :(
Average
It has ruined the perfect app. I can't do much now with the new update. Can't see 'stats' etc.. Please fix it asap.
Mast
It used to be so good. I don't know what happened with this update
Useless without support for creating and editing custom post types. I can't understand why is this so hard?
Cannot edit my posts. It's slow. What the heck happened?
Please make an option on changing our url. Thanks
I like the old design better.
Love the new material design..
It's good but doesn't give a room for unfollowing your unfollowers.
Like
Wonderful app
Its looks like google products. thanks developers
Needs better text formatting
It was fine before, but the update doesn't allow me to do anything but create new posts? Desktop only from now on. Inconvenient
After the most recent update the app is basically useless. I loved it before but now the menu drawer on the side doesn't come out so I'm stuck with the view of my posts. Can't view stats, pages, etc.
Nice work on the new design
intuitive. works very well.
Love the new material design. Excellent app for what it does!
The app looked great before, now it looks awesome. Has all the functionality I need when I am on the go.
I used the desktop version and it works fine.  I recently got a new phone (samsung s4) and decided to download the app.  Won't even let me log in, says that it can't log me in.  The Web browser version works just fine.  Very disappointed WordPress.  I hope this problem is fixed soon.
Pretty good, needs better settings rendering
Amazing
Ok
THIS APP IS A NIGHTMARE. Navigating through it is the worst thing ever. its slower than internet explorer. It needs a complete makeover
App won't stay in a folder since the update...
wow
The app normally longer connects to my account since about a week ago. Initially it couldn't upload articles and then when I signed out to see if that helped, I couldn't sign back in. I hope this is fixed soon.
Could you make it possible to set a featured image via the app please?
Awesome
This app is amazing. It is perfect for someone who needs to edit thi gs on the go. Fits perfectly on the device and is super easy to use. I never thought WordPress would become this good. :)
Hello, next update i hope you can add featured image options, So i can update my post everywhere without my laptop..
I can access my blog but can't upload any post due to the above mentioned error...sorry.. Its not as good as I thought..
Like
Speed of app is not good. I use mobile browser for speed
I am totally unable to log in...i reset my password but it wont accept new one...hopeless..this happened months ago also...not happy..wanna blog
Whatever you did in the update it screwed up a wonderful app. I can't even get it to open now!
I'm unable to connect on my both devices. I have to use VPN to make it work. But I can access WordPress blog on browser without any problem.
Tank
Keep my dream of writing alive
Sucks!!
Very nice!))
Loved It
You will surely love it if you download it in your laptop. You can create websites in WordPress.
Well see what happens to the data.
Haram...or
Will you fix the bug with self hosted sites? We can't login since Christmas or sth like that...
This app works great. Haven't had any issues with it.
It will upload small posts with no pictures in them, but as soon as I attempt to upload a longer post with photos it starts a never ending upload which never actually finishes. Then when you go back into the app to see what is going on it deletes the post you were trying to upload and you are left with only the title and the knowledge that you have entirely wasted your time and need to write the whole thing and locate all the media files again. Totally frustrating. It worked fine on iOS.
Very good
As others have said, the functionality on this is less than you'd get in the Wordpress web page. Nevertheless, it has all the main features and I use it all the time for posting blog entries when I'm not at my computer. I find it quick and easy to use, much quicker than trying to log into Wordpress via mobile browser. It may not be for you if you want detailed control over the look of the blog entries, or if you use a lot of media. Overall, flawed but easy to use and better than the alternatives.
Very Handy
It is a very fine .com
I am new to blogs it's easy to use and fun
Nice
Love it! Check out my new blog! Halei97
The app gives a breath of fresh air to those who seek an avenue to inhale and exhale. Keep it up.
This app is worthless. It's slow, and the UX and UI are horribly restricted. On top of that, if you do anything without an internet connection it will save a local copy, but if you AT ANY POINT, access your work and press "save" before it's loaded the existing draft, it will erase EVERYTHING. Considering how much time I've spent writing posts that just disappeared, I'd say this is one of the worst apps I've EVER USED.
good
I like it. I havent encoutered any malfunction regarding to this app..  Just now. But let see what will happen soon..  Im giving this app 5 points.. :-)
The editor is ok to post new posts, but editing new posts is a horrible experience.
Really good
I loved it
I love wordpress...visit me my username is hanna53 thanks :-*
fix errors
We use WordPress for numerous products. The app makes it admirably efficient and cost effective when your wordpress driven applications rely on fluid updates from your organization and it's clients.  Nice work!
#vibol&aryremix? with table
Hmmm
Always crashed while writimg new post. All my drafts are sucessfully wasted. Even half star needed to rate this current version
I post multiple times a week and have never experienced any problems. I've had the blog since September and I exclusively use my phone to do it. I love the stats page to keep track of my most popular post topics 
It's great for me to ******* (can't tell, its a secret) every once in a while. Better than keep going on the internet.
Yes!
I like this app but it its confusing and its slow and they're are so many bugs it took me 40 minutes to publish one post
awesome
You can get notifications about comments and check stats, but nothing else works. You can't approve/spam/reply to comments, which is something an app like this should have down in order to be useful on the fly.
Lacks support for custom modules
This app automatically UNDERLINES ebery piece of my article! What's going on?
Good app. But could do better. I would like to know why I cannot see my blog in the app as it looks on the web browser
So far it's doing what I ask of it.
Doesnt wanna load properly, takes no images in. Totally shitty. Upgrade this app to a better version then i think everyone will like it.
You can always go to the mobile site for basic things but the notifications and the ability to share items to it are what make this an essential app for me.  If you have a WordPress blog and an android this is fantastic.
10 years using!
Good
Perfect
I cant reply any comment. When i put space after a word the word vanishes. Please fix.
This app makes blogging eaeady
m
Taranslate me stuff is muy bueno
WP works great on my computer and phone, but sucks on my tablet. The menu system jumps around, when I tap on one item another is selected. Sometimes two menus will pop out and then I cant get rid of one. The mobile menu lacks the same look and feel of the desktop version.
Hi i always cnt upload my pics onto my post page section. I cant upload pics aftr i typed some words and i always have to upload first before typing but somtimes even uploading first also fails.
Good app.
better
i am used
Crashes when uploading blog post. Android
Thank
Uploading even one image causes my S5 to stumble and crawl, when not uploading images it works fine.
I love it but I can't add a "Featured Image" to a post. My blog uses that, so please add it to a new update.
Nice
When I schedule my post through the app for a future date, it still post live. In order to schedule a post I have to schedule it twice in order for it to work. Please help. I tried restating my phone and I'm having the same problem.  Thanks!
Does not support wordpress self hosted sites.
Fascinating lombok
The app crashes every time we try to upload a post and forces my phone to restart.
I like it....
ok
It's hard to navigate and find content.
Confusing and very hard to follow interface, textboxes freeze/crash the app, confirmation emails do not have auto login feature for quick authentications, too many overpriced premium themes that are not that impressive honestly, content uploader is non-responsive, and deleting a website is a nightmarish task when it shouldn't be. Please fix, very good concept, though, is very poorly executed... (><)
Thank you a lot
It does exactly what I want it to do.
Great app for quick updates or edits on your blog when you're away from a computer, but there are a few issues, at least on my samsung galaxy tab pro. Editing pages or posts doesn't give you access to all features, and if you're reading other blogs, the comments section always says "no comments yet" even when you know there are comments.
Good
It makes wordpress easier and more mobile, and can be accessed from everywhere. Thanks for the app
As always a pleasure to work with keep up the great work
this is a really cool app
Awesome, Cool, fantasy app... easy to use, Cool hosting,
I don't see what's wrong with it no matter how much people give it bad rates. I like this app and it helps so much for a blogger like me. I love the fact that I can secure this app with a password so that I can blog anonymously.
Why I can't sign in my account? It keep saying I can't login, btw username and password is correct. Such a useless app. Its open in browser not in app itself.
Nice one
Amooo muito isso feliz estou 
superb I love this app.
my blog having a advertisements and alot people open blog and click on add but how i get money on clicks tell me
Great app
Keeps on logging me out,,! Apps closing..waste of time ...UNINSTALLING, NOW.
The app doesn't update any changes I make in the app says that "the server isn't responding". Please fix it.
Te recomiendo primero escribas a parte y despues copies y pegues
Nice...
Was a nice app,  but now i can upload any post,  please fix it
Post your views on your blog and tell the world what you think. You can help someone
I use this app to make a quick post and draft a longer post, especially one with images. Most helpful feature for me is I can take a pic and press Share via Wordpress, and then save it as a draft. A suggestion: support for multi blog login. I manage two blogs and when I want to post to the other blogs I have to Sign Out and then Sign In again.
Nice app
Im happy with it.
This app has come along way. If it provided a way to customize the blogs it would be amazing. Just saying.
Really slow.when update the picture. Sometime, i cant upload my pic in post.
I work in my Lenovo K910. App is very slowly and i can't upload images, button doesn't work ?!?!
GREAT!!!
It is cool
The editor crashes 2/3 times and the posts either take forever to upload or just fail. I prefer using WP on my laptop or via my tablet's browser. =|
Good
Great app! Enjoy working on blogs, thank you
Very bad
Really good and giving better experience
I will rate higher if someone will tell me how to post something on my blog in the app
Its good to write blogs you can make the writing bold and italic and underlined i havent tried anything else yet but the writing blog thing is really good I think you should add a thing that says if you've spelt a word wrong if thats possible :-)
But its need to more develop about writing and plugin support
A better interface should be added
This app works great with my customized self hosted WordPress. Though it does lag in the editor range I think that's just a limit of mobile platforms.
Excellent, needs to improve writing a bit tho
Must have!
This app is not helpful, and options are limited. I strongly recommended that bloggers write and edit their post through the website instead using PC.
Ok
Not reliable at all. Pending post... missing post.... aaaaarghh
Awesome
No issues. Fix your server if you have problems. Probably not the apps fault.
Short edits are fine too :-)
No widgets. Thats sad. As an example Tumblr has great widgets. WordPress could take inspiration from them
Bad app dont waste your time
WordPress is good.
Can't wait to see you
AMAZING^^
Nice
I love this app one tiny problem since the update now when I receive a like on one of my posts the notifications  keep showing the name of the first person who liked instead of the new one. So 4 and 3/4 stars :)
Salam
Not bad
   
Love it works perfect you CAN so write ppl who say u can't write u r lying it works fine but if you wanna check out my real stories check me out I am fourthgradedrama
This is a lightweight solution to many problems. This app is my bread and butter and probably my go-to application.
The app keeps getting better but I can't have two blogs active at the same time. Why?! It's annoying so please fix it. =(
Not so good
Goods
Its absolutely easy and straifht to the point..
Always Error when Add Category ("Category Refresh Error") Please Fix And I'll give 5 Stars
I've been using this for a while on my Droid 4 so that I can blog during throw-away time. Just now I was polishing a post when my phone crashed and I thought I'd lost all my changes. But then when I pulled the app back up the post was labeled "Local Changes"! Cool! All my changes were there! Very happy.
I love it. Even though it is bad at editing.  It is great at reading other's blog, reading you blog's comments,  and at commenting. The only thing that need to be fixed is the editing thing. Please work on make it better 
Helpfull, but when upload picture always show error notification.
There're some problem with writing
I've been using this app for a few months for everything other than actual posting. There must have been an update, because now I can't access other blogs from people that have been in contact with me. Please fix this! Major problem.
"An errror ocurred on uploading the post  null" getting this error. Unable to upload posts.
The website is bad enough on my smart phone. The app is worse
Doesn't let me log into self-hosted WordPress installation.
Natiural life
cant log in
Very simple
Heard a lot so downloading... let's see.
Only suitable  for reading.
I can't sing in
Very cool but galary not link or no hover effacts support
Its a decent app. But when I try to upload an avatar it says"upload from hard drive" when I click it, nothing happens...
I am looking for more enhancements, editors, graphics support, easier Reader scroll..
This is very handy even if I'm busy I never missed my co bloggers post thanks for this beautiful apps.
I can't log into my self hosted website!! Please solve!
App is good for reading writing while trying to access more features it stopped working
Menu  Alliance In Motion Global, Inc. Alliance Iligan Business Center Office THE MARKETING PLAN THE MARKETING PLAN: EXPLAINED     I. GLOBAL BUSINESS REGISTRATION PACKAGE  To become a registered member or legal distributor of AIM Global, Inc., you just avail the Global Package worth P 7,980.00.  The Global Business Registration Package provides you a wide range of benefits as follows:  1. 1 Global Package with products worth between P 6,000  P 6,825.00 (Combo Packages of your choice). The return on products
Iam blogger
Thanks for such a wonderful app
hummm...why i cant download this..ohh...
I've been using WordPress as a blog for my YouTube channel, Megaman Master, and it's so great that I now can use it while not on my computer. Thanks a lot
Ignore my last review works fine, Internet's slow so struggles to send
Konichiwa! I really don't understand why there is so much bad reviews...  It was fine to me. Besides, I'm pretty sure most of the people only blog and don't make apps... I tried it and it was fine. It might not be high class, but it works. I recommend this to all the new bloggers. You might find it good for your blogging! Happy blogging, minna!
Misch better app and space than blogspot blogger. Works well for me and more professional layout
You cannot easily manage multiple sites now. Please being this back and I will re -rate.
Good
Learning how to blog...easy to follow so far
This has happened multiple times.  Finish a post,  hit publish,  it gets to a certain point then gets stuck.  If I reopen the post,  it's completely blank.  Sometimes it'll show up a day later. Sometimes I have to completely rewrite the post,  then attempt to publish it again.
Goodluck Jonathan is the only Qualified candidate to lead Nigeria 2015, those who are happy Goodluck Jonathan will be president 2015 smile. Those who are not happy should go and hang Goodluck Jonathan 2015.
The newest update has made it so that my keyboard will not predict words or find mistakes while making comments or replying in notifications.
How can i delete my account?!
Nice
I like it
Written posts constantly get lost!
Nothing will refresh, pages, posts you name it. Great app, crappy service
Lucke f mee
amaze app
Nice!!
I am not able to upload a new image for my profile as i click on the -"choose file" button there isnt any link that could open. Pleae help. Its been a long time for this requst kindly see through it.
I actually think the app is great for posting articles out on the road. After all you can't expect a desktop interface on a mobile phone!
Wordpress is awesome
Lol
This is amaging apps
But this did not work well with editing my site. Great idea, just wish it worked.
Great platform for budding writers ..though it needs more work.
I really like the whole interface! Lacks Nothing... It's awesome! Great work ya'll developers! 
Posting/Editing not so great
Can't crop images...unbelievably frustrating! It's also a little unresponsive to commands, live preview doesn't work, can't see all the themes, etc.
Keren
I hate writing with this app. The upload almost always fails. Use this only when you are desperate. Good for reading but uploading is just a pain.
New update has a problem with notification. Can't refresh even received new notification.
Nyc experiance
The app won't log me in with the correct details.
Easy to use. Love this app
Wow!
Helpfull
It is so great that you can blog on the go with this app 
This awesome money making system is so powerful you can make serious commission off of your own mobile phone and I have and I got it but the only way you can use something so powerful you have to have WordPress thank SMSmobilemaster
Great app
Finally no need to use the web on my device and have my blog erased this app corrects that issue I had... Thanks development team!!
Keren
Won't even let me log in as it keeps saying "try later", therefore defeats the purpose of even having installed this.
I like it
Can't log in to self hosted site.
Lumayan
Loved it for SEO.
Useful app
Lots of features are missing. Please add them...!!
I spent two days trying to change my profile picture.The overall layout is horrible..we are people intuative creatures..and this my friends does not fuel intuitiveness... Very disappointed
Aside from minor changes like the ability to choose from existing tags, WordPress is simply the best mobile blogging app. It's robust, clean, fast and provides nearly all the functionality one can get on the web. The post editor needs work, but as a whole, this app is miles ahead of its competitors.
Hate the app completely , being a blogger I can recommend this app only to those who want to view other blogs.Not good for editing n writing stuff, shows lot of lag
Almost always uploading a new post freezes. Sometimes it just means I have to restart and hope this time it works, sometimes it means the entire post gets lost and I have to re-type from scratch (which is quite annoying, to say the least, on a phone). Better host your blog with a provider whose software actually works, instead of destroying your data.
Awesome app...
Good
Long Live Wordpress
Good
I love it. Easy to use and to manage. I am better in touch with my blog
I was able to post immediately with simple text updates immediately.  Fine so far; one star.  I was able to edit a post immediately, and add a photo.  That's good, too; two stars.  My edits DO NOT SHOW. Not so good.  Minus one star.  Video cannot be added from my phone; minus another star.  The message that tells me that leads to a non-mobile-optimized website for a videohosting/upload site; minus another star.  I would have paid for an app that would allow this, but not an ongoing fee of US$60, thanks.  Not going to ding you for trying to make a living; I don't blame you in the slightest.  Just try not to make your sales pitch so obnoxious.
Won't publish posts. Failed 5 times then lost the content of the post. Needs to improve much.
Its nise
very apt..but can be made better
Its a very useful app for  us like bussinessman to make presentations in our office life. Its great.
Good app
It's good. But sometime load media error to duplicate image
Sub categories for category not showing when you edit the post. Still this bug is not resolved. I have so many sub categories under many categories.
Is it deliberate to just have reading functions only? What happened to rich text formatting, picture uploads, feature image settings and easy post uploads? I doubt this app would be on the Apple iTunes store with this rubbish. Fix up please
Nice
Lags a lot and missing lots of options.
Would be just what I need if there was any way of accessing the dashboard. Revised for newer version: practically useless to me now, gives no control over blog itself only very basic posting capabilities, very sad as a couple of years ago this used to have full dashboard access so plugins and themes could be upgraded or installed/uninstalled etc.
please fix this..  Can't upload images on post...  Unable to upload media is always the response
No words but just special
This app is great for reading blogs that I follow, but I will do just about anything to avoid writing or editing posts in the app. It's faster to write in another app, take pictures in a second, and wait until I can get to a computer to put it all together.
It WAS an excellent app for the functionality it offered. Allowed me to update my hosted blog away from home. I loved the new dashboard feature. It was quite flawless, now it's broken. Please fix 
Another update that fails to address the ptoblem of not being able to access my self-hosted site so pretty much useless.  Please sort this out as a matter of urgency!!
Junk
Working well for using Reader to catch up on the blogs that I follow. Editing a post was frustrating as I couldn't undo what I accidentally deleted. For comments, I couldn't move freely from the post to and from the comment that I was writing, nor could I copy and paste quotes from the post or other comments. I was glad to discover that I must redesign my blog header to be compatible with smart phones.
In this there is no option to publish you're article I have tried everything !!! What's the use of having a blog app if you can't publish you're blogs
Its a nice apps
I COULDNT EVEN LOG IN!!!
i love this application for my friend
Pierre
This is absolutely awesome all in one.
muslim uddin
Terrible app for self hosted
Great
I use a lot of embed links for my web serial, FuzionLife, for navigational purposes. I have to insert them manually via this app, or with 2 clicks on the website. Guess whats easier?
Thanks
The best app to run your WordPress website
Plz add theme editing option in this app
Good
Mufehsbookchelibakuhaske
Great app
Easy to use and operate
Easy to use..
Not enough functionality.
Cant install in my s3 lite
I almost never log on to my blog on a computer anymore. The only time I do is when I have to adjust settings, which the app will reach, just not well.
Please fix the "Upload failed : no peer certificate" error...We users have chance of only 1 out of 10 success rate for post uploads... Everytime it fails to upload a post or to update changes to posts...But very good user interface which is buttery smooth...Fix the error, Then i will rate 5 stars...
I'm willing to write off the slowness as the fault of my mediocre phone, however I can't customize my blog. When in that particular area, the app doesn't auto fit, and everything is cut off to the right. I can't even scroll over or manually shrink it, and it's enough of a annoyance to not bother with Wordpress altogether.
Cool
Super
Horrible update. Cannot access my self hosted site. Not good, wp, not good
...
WordPress at your fingertips. Everything is easily accessible. No bugs. Smooth sailing!
Albuquerque Homeless Power Project
I was able to log in instantly, and now when I take a picture or video from my phone I can upload it to my site! Saves me time from having to wait until I get home to download all pics to my computer and then upload them! Now it is just one step... take a picture and click upload! Great app!
I cannot download it and I have 100MB free in the phone memory!
Love it
To being usable.  On top of not being able to do much, the UI is awful.  Not intuitive at all.  Disappointed.
I already published a blog entry. Can view it on my website. Yet when I log into this app, it says that blog entry is "scheduled" to be published in 1 hr. How odd.
Its actually good just need to be a little fast
I love it! Exactly what I needed . I only wish there were more themes.. or at least I could get different colors without paying. But I love this!                  Question though: why can't I upload images from phone?
It always downloads new posts b4 I can do anything,  even on local posts. Didn't do that before.
Works perfectly on ma galaxy young.....
I've tried to create my site many times to no avail - its just too difficult to set up (too many steps) ...
i can't creat a website
:-)
Glitch. U cant log out after log in, even after restart phone
Heartfelt and uninspiring
Can't upload more than one images at a time..  And its too slow when loading up ...
Nice app
cant upload pic... :(
This app has come a long way since I first installed it. The reader allows you to network with other blogs and find new content, while the stats capability has become impressively comprehensive. The post options and formatting options have also greatly improved. Kudos to the devs!
I like it
After the hassle of getting an account was done, I thought it was great.
Other than seeing responses to comments I make as a WP user, it doesn't seem to be of much use in administrating my WP site, which is disappointing.
Like this app so much. Help me writing via wordpress easily. But can you add categories in Posts display menu so I can easily pick my posts for editing through their categories? Thanks..
Got bugs
Nice
Let me create an account after 15 mins of trying different usernames and password combinations to find one the app agreed to, then wouldn't let me log in or do anything at all! So disappointing..uninstalled straight away!
Didn't use it
Really nice ;3
Everything about its great until adding a feature image, once that's updated things will be rolling
this was the first time trying this.... doesnt work at all.... need to fix asap before you lose your credibility.....interesting concept though
sonechine
I have to cancel my daily blog cause i cant upload anything for past week. And i cant use computer. Thanks for messing up a working app. P.s. i had local changes for past weeks posts that i couldnt upload. which after logout/login disappeared forever. Ridiculous. Dont update app if u dont test it
Love
idk why i cant login to my wp acc. im in indonesia esp bali and well my internet connection isnt error. fast respon pls
This is not good to operate
Thank
Exlent
I really needed this
Can't log out and reply comment
Great way to get started blogging, and great community.
Unable to insert photos direct from phone album.
I tried for so many times to create a new account but i could'nt get success..as it constantly says that username already exists..don't know how  to create or find a unique username to create account..please fix it or else ill never be able to create an account or get sighned in..
I use this app on a daily basis.
Cant log into some sites. Then, cant log out on ones that will log in.
I can't use this app anymore..all my posts get stuck on "local draft" after hitting publish and yesterday one I'd worked on for an hour disappeared completely. I'm uninstalling and will go the online version.  Bummer.
Cannot login to self hosted WordPress even with the latest version...
I miss custom post type editing. Should be a BASIC feature.
It keeps saying reply error when I try to do things like reply or approve a comment. Fix this
Good application
Adding your favourite websites to the blog list so you can check what new at a glance is great. Adding your own blog posts looks good as well but I've not this myself.
it helps me a lot, thank you
hated hated hated it, glitched my tablet THANKS FOR NOTHING
It just great :)
I still have the same issue that was reported on all forums. I am unable to log on a self hosted website :(
Cannot login on to my custom website. It keeps on showing'' could not login on to website'' error so I can't edit from the app. PLEASE FIX!!!
wordpress
Excellent Excellent   Excellent   Excellent   Excellent   Excellent   Excellent   Excellent
The new UI is good! But it would be better if the categories dialog also shows the hierarchy of the categories.. :D *update 14.11.14: it is now perfect.
I registered from the web. And now i can manage my blog from this app so easily. It's getting better for the refresh function i can get easily routine comments notification from my blog visitor! Load fast too!
Gives error loading pictures from camera / phone support sucks
Amazing application...
I use a captcha plug-in to prevent log-in spamming or hack attempts at the contr panel.  This app does not detect that and simply says im entering the wrong log-in credentials. Fix this and i'll consider my review/rating.  Until then, one star for me.
Its really nice.work fast bt I need some features. please do it soon
No complaint just enjoy it
It help me to be active with my blog when I'm on the go.
Excellent
Wasted
Wow
tried ...tried again with better gear, now im shut out... user name exists, cant find username.... that old crock
Mlraj
Good for mobile
I love word press but detest this app and yet need to use it at times. Fix the mobile version of sites first and foremost then I'll rate higher...
Omg,nicmd application
Memudahkan kerja nak kemaskini blog
The reader is very very slow to load
Love the app
A.......w..........e..........s......o......m........e
I love it
its good
 
easy use
This app is really good for writing posts on the go/ staying up to date with stats. To truly be a 5 star app, I think an upload bar should be added to posts/photos and videos that you're uploading. It's also awkward to upload a post once it's become a local draft. Edit: an upload progress bar is really necessary for the uploading of posts.
I like it
I love it its the coolest app i have ever instilled
Takes a really long time, like two days, to upload a short post with two images. Drains my phone battery and slows everything down. Making local changes and then updating a post is next to impossible. it just never uploads.  I have to use my laptop to get that done. what happened? It wasn't so slow and inefficient before. It took barely minutes to upload posts just a few months ago. Please fix it.
Like
++1 to app
Won't connect to wordpress
Weldone guys
Love the password protection. It has one bug: if you use one password for more than one post, all those particular posts will be readable. Please fix this bug.
Haven't been able to upload posts for a month or so. Will spend an indefinite amount of time uploading (even for really simple posts with minimal photos!) and eventually save as a local draft. Had a very long and intricate post save and upload as completely blank-aargh! Please fix.
I hate it when I get this error. FIX IT!
One big complaint. One cannot copy and paste a URL into a message, one has the use the Google, Chrome and Firefox browser apps for that !!!
In one word, Awasome. Love & Blessings, Acharyaa Narmaadaa.
Where is the numbering and bullet? I really need these features. Could you please consider to add them...
I tried logging into my WP site, once, using this app while on my home wifi but it couldn't connect. Now my home network is not allowed to load the page at all, from any browser from any device. The server doesn't respond to my IPs request to view the page. I can only load the site using other networks so I have to go to a friend's place or public wifi. I tried using the app to log on using my mobile data and now my mobile IP is blocked too. Very troublesome. I've contacted support.
Good
Good
Excelente
It's easier
Cool
Super
Helps me to make posts on blog in an easy way
In the previous version you could still refresh the reader to get new posts, Now? I keep having to clear data and re-login to get them. Great!
I so love this app that I might bring it to vegas and marry it!! Hahah, an idea from Gus  :D
Good App
A transformation app. I like it. It makes you think about something new...thus it promotes creativity. its also a great app
Blogging I loved with WordPress. WordPress the best blogging niche for all upcoming & great bloggers.
This app is awesome for go on go or if you don't have access to a computer ...
I liked it to share my own streak to the world!
Official Wordpress app just doesn't justify the tag 'official'. Doesn't work at all, it takes forever to upload a simple post with less than 100 words and one single image. On top of it, my phone stops responding. Please fix it and make it live up to the expectations.
Best app can do almost everything that i can do by logging in WordPress from my pc. Only thing to improve is SEO
But one thing you need to add is SEO tools and meta description option.. Once you add this the app is 10/5... :)  Please add SEO tools for self hosting sites
But one main thing is missing please add SEO tools, meta description etc at time of posting a post in self hosted website.. Please add this option also... Thank you
I am proudly like WordPress.
Uploads are working better, but the new live progress bar in notifications cripples my phone. Something ain't right.
My full installed editor replaced with a limited functional one. Side menu slides around and hard to select something. My post list is a long string of characters. Really shocked that this app made for wordpress does not beat my Firefox browser. On android slate hp pro 8. uninstalled.
Works
I uninstalled this app some months ago out of frustration and decided to try it again. I manage a self hosted WordPress site and this time around I could not even log in using the correct login details. What's up with this app? Using a Samsung S3. I use the mobile wp site instead of this app. Also lack of response to bad reviews is not helpful - help us solve the issues and get 5 stars.
Tyddies to wordpress
best of all apps
Can't update my Gravatar. The"upload" option is unresponsive. I think it's only desingned for a computer.
I just download this app and i think its ok la
Your wp website is now manageable from your mobile..
I just loved it. This app have many functions that help me to write, edit and publish into my blog. Every single thing in this app works good.
As a writer, I depend on a social program that has everything I need to edit and distribute my work. But since this update i cant turn off the underline and it keeps switching to swipe
very effective for gossip
The mobile web version of WordPress is much better then the app itself. I can see our different categories: pending, pending, drafts, etc much better than in the app itself.
It's not refreshing on my phone or the Ipad... 5 blogs and each are listed at least 22 times..  So annoyed... Uninstalled!!!!
I can write anytime anywhere, thx wordpress
Can't erase comments
I tried to publised twice, all gone. It cant be seen on site itself.
Great aplication! My web is now easy to manage.
Where is my featured image gone after i published my post ? I tick on use image as featured image but that was not showing on  my website. It happens again n again
Wordpress - simply the best.
Its good for progress
Used to work great. Now with this NEW update, pics don't show up on posts. Gone from lovin' it to HATING IT!
I just wrote an blog entry for more than 1 hour. Then the app crashed and everything was gone!! I wrote it again and in the middle of writing it crashed again. Everything gone again!! This didn't happen before the last update! And sometimes when I want to upload a photo into the entry it says "data can't be retrieved". When I try again and again it works at some time... I'm very annoyed!
Ok, the app is now improved like it used to be at first and am loving it again unlike months ago when it turned to crap app...
I previously talked about how "Posts can't be refreshed at this time" aggravates me. But this is a whole new level of grade A bull. I try to log in and you can't even get onto the WordPress site? What is this BS?! COME ON
1) Unable to add alt tag to image. 2) No support for meta keywords 3) No plugin support 4) Cannot use all heading tags. 5) No font formatting options
For quick posting, this app is pretty good. But to format the post, this app is still not good enough. I hope this app will have more feature like the pc has.
Need a feature that we can select featured pic
Blog
More options like on web, change featured image, media libary search, etc...
The featured image featured has disappeared. Now i have to update again on my PC before i can publish. This has become useless again.
Useful
Great app. Simple and easy to use. Very practical.
Happy wid new updates
Nice
I just think that it is a great service and easy to use
We can't do the all work on it...
Allows me to do almost everything that I can do on my computer with ease
Thank you for such a great and helpful app!
Theme customization should be added
Giving it 5 stars because I can now do blogging straight to my phone..  Very easy and convenient.. :D
Nice app,  decent UI,  now to be able to blog on the go!
This is really a great app, thanks for making it so easy to manage my blog on the go.
I cannot login wordpress no matter how many times I tried.please fix it.thanks
5 star!
Galaxt note3
Solid blogging app. Great support.
That great
Absolute Dynamite!
Just an another review for the best site for providing better app.
Its really great.. i m running and tracking my biz from this app.. thanks wordpress
Nice app
This thing used to work but after the update , I am unable to post pictures. Gives me an error saying "An error occurred while uploading the Post HTTP status code: 403 was returned. Forbidden". I love the app, so please fix!!
Clean, speedy, feature-filled app for posting, editing, and managing your WP-driven sites.
I tried to schedule 3 posts today and they all get published immediately. What a way to mess my blogging schedule. I don't know why this is happening but I'm really really frustrated right now. At one point there was a time when the app deleted a post that I saved, and it was very long article I painstakingly wrote using a 7 inch tablet. And you know what's sad? I don't have an option but to still continue using it. Sigh...
it's not convenient app and has  complicated features. upgrade your system so we can use wp on mobile!
Trial review
Good blog
Very Easy to use Sharinga also :) Thanks
Update. My blog fails to load,  takes forever for stats and sometimes screens to 0 then you have to refresh.
This app no good
with latest updates it's easier for me now to pen down a post easily. must have app for WordPress users.
This is a great app for people that post to a WordPress blog. If you post to multiple social networks and blogs you're able to post from one application to all of your social networks at once. Of course you have to add another plugin for social networking but that's it
It should be as complete as the web...
more options for self hosted user would be great. Can't check analytics and plugins
Works well and nice graphics and easy to use. Well done.
It always says that there is a problem in loading page, media etc... it works only sometimes... the time it works its awsum app... please fix these errors... Thank You
WordPress anyway is great.
The photo upload function sets all photos to a large size, with no option to resize. It makes blogging really troublesome as I have to use my pc to upload. Am considering changing to another blog now.
No option of attaching a picture on a text post! Then why use the app at all?
This cannot fully replace the web dashboard. But I think it is OK as a mobile companion app. You can do all basic tasks, like managing your blogs, notifications, comments, etc. with this app. I just wish it could upload multiple media files. A separate html mode in post editor would be very great. It also has upload problems from time to time. Would be great if those can be added/fixed :-)
Good
Awsum
Very slow loading ,very difficult to sign in
userfriendly. good app! :)
After last update it does not work any more
It doesn't support custom post types. I'm managing sites with custom posts and the app doesn't show these posts. Please do something about it because WordPress isn't just for ordinary blog posts anymore. Thanks.
I am having such a hard time navigating this app. There are about 50 different "settings" pages and they are all for different things, but not what i need. I have read about 15 different how to's on how to use this app. I can't find any of the pages that these how to's are referring to. And if I actually do manage to find them, they disappear next time I need them.
It is what it is for usefulness without a computer, but would be a lot more helpful if I can open it in dual window.
This is good!
Love it so much
I'm gonna give you 5 stars though I really want to have more options when writing. Great app, just keep this one updating. Thanks!
Ive decides to write on my phone  and guess what. I had everything get lost twice. On diferent ocassions ive written and lost everything i lost while it is being uploaded. Waste of time...
I swear the idea behind constantly updating apps-always for the worse-is to p*ss people off enough to join Google+ so they can vent by rating and hating the offending app. This particular example was put together by either a joker(nobody's laughing) or a complete incompetent. Of course, as is usual, it used to be quite decent.
Overall app is good..Whenever it click on view my site .. the screen prompt that unable to load... what is going on ...??? Please Answer me... waiting... if you fix this problem then I will rate this app as five star... Thanks...
Nice
I just got this app and now I can post without my computer!
Nice app
Why does this notification keep popping up 'unable to retrieve posts right now'. I tried to publish a post and it couldn't. Uninstalled then re installed app and my drafts from my account had disappeared. Fix these problems.
Its made my job easy on-the-go
Still downloading.
Fantastic 4 pub
Nice
It is better than blogger app.you worked well.try to add more and ,ore features
Hi friends i need some help can u tell me how can i edit google adsense html code in wordpress widgets plz help me how i put ads on my blogs thx
Simply. Useful. Great!
Nice....posts all my new posts quickly!!!!!
Suck.. cant even open it. It always says: sorry cant connect.
M zuber ali
One thing I do hate is 'local drafts' vs online drafts.
There is no option for image resizing in the post that look very odd after all we have to rectify that use computer then what is the use of that app
Good
  
Not working for self hosted sites.
This app was great till the recent update. Now I can't even log in..
Always a shame. Too poor. I don't see any efforts to improve this app. We're in 2014. Please, take a look at apps like Blogsy for iOS.
Bigger space for uploading and downloading.  Bravo.
Best App I've ever see for a CMS
So Good
Don't know how to post on page????
Wow
Can't Login.
The app doesn't seem to retrieve my posts over WiFi. I tried doing the same over cellular data and it worked for some reason. Disappointing.
After updating when I log in I no longer have my admin control panel, all I see are my blogs notifications!
It helps me to always update my article
Easy way to stay in contact with what's going o on worth your page
really close to perfection... but it needs to crash a little less
Can't upload pictures
This is app would be 100x better if... You had an IT person who could write actual complex phone apps. This app is merely a version of the web version only watered down because of bad links that are not compatible with all phones. You should focus on what's trending in the news. iPhone 6, 6+ , Samsung Galaxy Note 4, Note Edge, S5, S4, Nexus 9, iPad 2 Air, Windows Phones. Think about the operating systems. The phone should not be more advanced then your app.
Android App
I like
Need lots of improvement in stability and compatibility issues.
Nyc
I guess this application is great....
Level four protocols in all hospitals. Let's shut ebola down! And WordPress always rocks.
usefull sortcut to post sometin
It keeps asking me for my username and password and on giving it says its invalid even though I am entering correct information
Super
Java go Bye Bye&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Love this app
Comments marked as Spam or those that are pending, aren't syncing correctly, causing an error when trying to delete them, which in turn leaves lots of pending comments on the app that can't be removed.
Just started my first post
Word Press.
I dont want update anymore ;_;
Rocks
Very nice
Shows an error everytime I try to upload my post, hence nothing gets posted. I uninstalled it and I am installing it again, hope this works. Please fix this.
Great for keeping my blog updated. I also use to keep notes to myself. I handle links and plugins better.
Guyz just ignore all d reviews!!! dis app is just awesum
This app is great. But it gives me hard time at loging in. Anyway, this app is cool. Wordpress is easy with this. :)
Nie
God bless
I tried to create an account but no matter how many times I try.. its showing error.. I have uninstalled it and I will install again .. but then also if it doesn't work. . I guess I will have to uninstall it again :'(
Why its can't publish what I post
It's not possible to take photos from inside the WordPress app on my Sony Xperia Z1 Compact - the app just stops :-(  Uploading from the gallery is fine.
FOR better living
Used to work before the update now it can't handle uploading images. Change it back. Who cares if there is a new progress bar if it doesn't work?!
Worthless
Good One
Thanks for creating this app.
Works for me.
very handy app for quick blogging however laptop is much better, when you are to write 300 words articles.
would not allow me to create an account. kept telling me my password was useless even though every one I used followed the qualifications. may be just since I am using a galaxy centura though.
Nice app to recover the inequalities in our society
Good app to write the body of text, article heading, tags, category and excerpt. However, I cannot puck a featured image, change the slug, add a meta description and other important features. Stop upgrading pointless design features and upgrade the interface for less pricey smart phones.
I love this app, its so good for creating websites on mobiles and tablets, its also very easy to use!
We use WP to do our travel blogs and find the interface from tablet to smartphone to PC clean seamless. Had some difficulties over slow internet (satellite) connections but it is rock solid with high speed terrestrial services. Posted text while away and imbedded photos later over high BW links.  SOMETHING HAS CHANGED! I am now running WP3.6 on my new ASUS Transformer tablet running Android 4.4.2. Seems you have to upload photos to the media now or the app will freeze. Used to be able to upload directly from 'Gallery' . THis seems a clumsy way to do it. Not sure I'm getting the value from Premium....
The best web site creator on the planet! Not a thing left out. Thank you!
Update: now instead of only sometimes getting upload errors with photos I get them EVERY time. App is totally useless now.
Created,Developed & Published  by RituFazza
Fine
Its been twice now that I write a long blog,  upload photos,  and am either ready to post but need an Internet connection,  or I am just not finished yet,  I will try to save,  and it looks like it has,  until I click the edit button to go back to it and suddenly its gone! This is incredibly frustrating as I am traveling and only have a tablet to type these on and it takes some time.  I won't be writing another post through the app unless this is somehow fixed.  :(
Loading too slow. Updates of posts late or sometimes doesn't. I expected better.
Umm...good!
Great app, once you figure out which hoops to jump through to get the app to upload images successfully to the Media Library. Essentially you turn off preview, and thumbnail, and when you want to post, you post as draft first, then publish. This little workaround should be on the help site in bold. Couldn't be happier now.
Nice one
Just love it
This app is good for blog 'maintenance' - ie approving and replying to comments, checking stats, and making minor edits to posts. However, posts are in raw HTML, which makes writing ones from scratch complicated, especially if you want bullets, indents, captions, etc. The issue with this app is that the functions are all there, but they're sometimes hard to use...
:)
Does not save drafts, I lost many times what I wrote.  Not always connecting online and picture handling is terrible...
This app is fantastic! Update: Getting a cannot login message. Looking up in public forums for potential solutions and it seems like a problem for quite a few
No se pueden poner imagenes cuando creas un post
Lifestyle/fashion
It's very useful
T-Mobile. America's First Nationwide 4G Network.
In a nutshell, nothing works. Can't upload any posts, or any photos to the gallery - can't even save a draft post; even with this new "update". Utterly useless.
Easy post
Not so 'wp admin' friendly inteface and no much added value compare to the web admin interface via browser. Takes age to quit the application.
It is pretty cool. Makes it very easy for me to keep blogging no matter where I am, I remain in touch withy blog and I don't disappoint my readers!
Thumbs up
I m beginner.....
I travel a lot and like to blog about my experiences. I normally use Google's "Blogger" [on-line, not their app], but trying to use it on my Samsung tablet was a 'pain'. It would take forever to load, 'freeze' up, or quit altogether. I looked at their app, but it's very limited as to what it can do, i.e., can only load one photo in the posting. So I changed over the WordPress and really like it. The app and the on-line service synch seamlessly. And composing and posting with my tablet is easy.  My only criticism [hence the 4 stars] is that their menus/toolbars are somewhat complicated & not easy to master initially. But if you practice and become familiar with their 'process', it get's easier over time.
Would be awesome if one could edit/configure plugins.... cool though
Love Wordpress. Love the app.
Not suitable for daily photo posts. To upload 4 photos it takes more than 30min. Just slow and ridiculous.
It won't let me post. It says "No peer certificate." What should I do?
The app is a handy way for me to update posts and other information on my Wordpress sites.  I'm currently using it to work with about 6 different sites and it's ability to switch between them is very useful.  My two complaints are on the handling of images and other media in the editor and the handling of bullet points (ul, li) also in the editor.  In the post display, both appear fine, but in the editor they appear as raw HTML.   While I'm comfortable with working with the raw HTML, doing so in a mobile device is akward.  The process of switching entry screens to get to the key presses to enter an HTML tag is a pain.  Unfortunately for me, on at least one site, both issues are common.  Of the two, the bullet issue is the higher priority.  If we could get a button for bulleted text like we already have for bold and italic, that would help a lot!
Excellent
This update takes the progress bar that is really good
good
Always says my password wrong
Easy to use, WordPress has become one of my daily tools for note taking. I like the improvements in the human interface with each upgrade. I really like the upload monitor introduced in 2014-10.
Mostly a handy way to keep up with your blogs and add new material. One request: why do the comments continue to list all the spam comments forever? Once I have marked them as spam, I don't want to see them. Can I filter seeing just approved or pending?
How about multiple  accounts from different emails?
Nice app, though I would prefer a slightly more vibrant interface
Needs to improve a lot
Doesn't have visual text editor. Only html editor which is very clunky on mobile.
cool
Looking forward to seeing additional design changes to L-Design.
I like the app but some feature's is missing like the setting for choosing the parent of a page. Hopefully they will add this feature. Thanks
Makes it so easy to pour my thoughts anywhere, anytime; from my mind straight to my finger tips with no time wasted. Good one.
Blogging made easier!!
Yeay yeay... blogging is much easier with this mobile app... suggestion: redesign user interface please...
Has many of the features of the main site. Easy to use. Frequent updates. Looking forward for more enhancements, especially related to publicize. Just one thing, though. I created a post draft using the App. When I published it two months later using the web version, the post got back-dated to when I composed it. Just wondering if this was an intentional functionality. But overall, I think the WordPress team is doing a fabulous job. Thank you and continue to be the best!
Actually a really good app!
Love it, helps a lot with writing articles everywhere...
Let me post what I wanted, when I wanted. Although sometimes it messed up and loading was very slow...
A great app to check your WordPress sites on the go. Finally you added auto refresh. Thank you! I can rate this app 5 stars now for being awesome.
NiceApp
Gutt
Any how i just signed in
Wp for life
Clear,easy and effective way of exploring interests and connecting with pro's
Simply like it from a long time ago..
I like it's simplicity. Good work!
Post cannot be refreshed this time :(
I am downloading now
You can make free website or blogs
Latest update is a complete letdown. Always thought this was a great app but recently this deletes posts, crashes, fails to upload photos and is generally very frustrating. Lost at least three entire posts and hours of work in the last month, not in the least bit impressed. Please fix, this is really disappointing.
I'm off travelling for three months and decided to write a blog for friends and family  to enjoy while I was away so they can see what I'm doing. I've only been able to successfully publish one page as everything else I write gets wiped! I wrote one post 6 times and each and every time there was a problem publishing and I lost all my work. I've given up now as I've lost heart, this blog was supposed to be fun but it's been nothing but stress. Now all my friends and family are disappointed that they can't see what I am up to. I'd recommend everyone to not touch this with a ten foot pole. I'm going to be deleting all my blogs and abandoning wordpress, the head ache just isn't worth it.
Works great writing facility is good and operated well.only desire would be good to improve its the featured image upload from our device
Don't know
Seems Gr8. Will visit again to give more relevant feedback soon.
Does photo upload happen on the UI thread? Feels like it does. Whole OS lags when uploading.
Need more features you should provide some new ones like schedule posting through app and helping attributes and supporting coding in the blog.
The current Android version only allows photo and video to be added to the media library. This needs support for PDF like the full web interface.
One
This one is good app, that save my time for doing work & design a site
I used to love this app, especially for comment moderation on the go. But for several weeks now it hasn't refreshed. Everything I see is outdated and it says it can't load the newer comments.
I manage multiple self-hosted WordPress sites, and this program makes it easy to add posts when I'm away from a computer.
Amazing that you can run your website, including posting articles, directly from the palm of your hand. Brilliant app, easy to use and powerful.
Love it
It would be better if the reader function had more features like other feed readers: mark read articles, filter articles by time, hide selected articles from list...
The latest version's reader seems to miss random posts .. and only shows a handful of posts .. I would have to check my email notifications, read the posts there, and if I need to comment I would need to go look for it .. very annoying and undermines the main purpose I installed the application for ..
It's great
I need
Cant post anything...stats is also shown wrong sometimes..this is of no use now..
This is among the World's best tools to create desired website design without coding and programming and fuck***
I can't set featured image. Thus, image does not show on front page of my site.
They'll know but NO BASH!
I cant find the "add feature image" check list in image editor after i updated the last one. Its suddenly missing.
Even when I'm logged in, it tries to connect (why?) with my server too many times and the server blocks my IP.
On the spot events
After updating, It's hard to post or I can't post.
Awesome
I once considered this to be a great app...,but, now I can't even login to the WP website - crapper.
O
Can't even to login :(
Makes it so easy, never had a problem with it
Good interface. Great app, I'm happy.
I cant signup even after many try. Shows error
Saya suka kerana ia mudah dan cepat
Was working just fine. Now it won't connect to my self hosted wp blog. Have tried reinstalling. Really disappointing as it has been extremely useful for me to manage my site from my tablet and phone.
Hello its best app
This is one of the most traveled websites. It is easy to navigate and fun to use.
This application is not allowing me to upload pictures and some of my posting don't get uploaded. I am uninstalling this application for it has wasted my time.
Can't do much to administer site. Posting is basic at best.  No control of plugins or special features.
Thanks
Why i cant publish my post? Please fix it. Thanks
No post metas yet for self host wordpress engine, also i hope there is "a flag" between post that makes from android app and desktop browser, so the devs can build some useful stuff for their themes.
It's good for teaching blogs i follow and to respond to comments. HOWEVER, it would be great if we were able to have the better functionality concerned photos. And also, would love to have the SETTINGS available on my device. Basically, hav more control if it blog when away from my laptop. I shouldn't have to be limited just because I'm on my device.
This is a nice app. made my work easier than before. thanks to the developer.
For ah start
Awesome, the app is simple to use.I had a little trouble with connection but it's solved now.
Can't even log in. "Unable to connect to server" etc. Restarted and all that. Works from my tablet. Lame.
Gud
Wordpress
V
thumbs up. luv it.
Won't post to my FACEBOOK newsfeed after many tries. They end up on my page my timeline instead.
Sksjl
Awesome
Nice
I'm going use it first time
Can't login on my hosted site via the app.  No problems doing it on my tab browser.
when I'm going to post something it stored in draft . so I think it is useless for posting.
You can't update your profile information on the app, so that's really sucky. Oh AND you can't update information about your blog. So basically, there's no dashboard. o_O
Good
Es un feed reeder!!!
As others have noted, photo uploads from the app frequently fail.  I would also point out that you can't create a Gallery from the app.  I find myself just uploading media from my tablet to the Media Library using the app, re-uploading as many times as necessary, then creating the post and gallery from Chrome.
Goooooooooooodddddddd
I dislike that you can't set the featured image within the app but have to go to the mobile version of the site to do so. Please add featured images to your app it would make my experience so much better
I used to use this app to document my travels, but recently it has become unusable- when I try to add pictures to a post, they are often removed; and even if I can get them to stay, the post fails to upload. Please fix this app so I can love it again!!
After updating, no notification shown on the notification tab, although there were many notification on android notif bar. Please fix this issue.!!!
I seem to get a white screen of doom every time I try to like a post, since the last update. Otherwise an excellent, easy to use app.
Get it. It's great for updating your sites on the go.
it works perfectly with my nexus 7 2012 and my wordpress site and  it's free! thanks!
Can't seem to post even normal post w pure words... -.-
Very handy. Anywhere, anytime. &lt;3
niceee
For me its great app
Amazing! Works fine.
Very nice
I am able to login via web but not from this crappy app
Its really amazing to share my work. Love it.
Fix it, Photos!
Can't upload pictures
Copy and paste it's a joke!
good
I don't Have share on my word press
No problems writing the blog but trying to add photos was a nightmare. Waste of time.
When I hit Select File from the media upload page within editing a post... nothing happens. Bug that needs fixing?
We need a full-featured rich-text editor on the app, just like the one on the web version! Coding is not easy for all people you know!
Best app for independent authors and bloggers.
Feels good using
I very like it
Nice
Good
Liked .
Amazing
When ever I add photos the post vanishes. Time for a new blog site?
Not as smooth as I expected.
Thanks
the app crashed on me and I had to install it again
I seriously hate how every time I try to make a post with photos it fails. Then the draft is saved to my phone instead of my account. It's really annoying because I prefer to have my blog have word and images. So I only recommend this app for text posts and reading.
With this apk update blogging more easiest ?
So when I first downloaded it the app worked well.  Then the last two times I posted it displays half of the photos large and the other half at the right size. This messes up the formatting and makes the post hard to follow.
Randomly takes me back to the top of a post while I'm in the middle of reading it. All the time. Other than this, though, I really like the app.
a must have app for all WordPress bloggers out there
Just started trying it out. So far, so okay
Brilliant for quick edits etc etc
Good stuff. Hit me up.  Sexybaketress
Overall I like but usually when I tried to upload a photo on post it did not. This makes me annoyed
Creating a Global Movement
I have had so much trouble with trying to post photos with my blog that this app is becoming unusable for me. Hopefully bug fixes come soon.
Gud
For jobs homebase
Good
Grabe ang panget
nice, I like it
Google
I'm used to pc writing so this is a bit of an adjustment. I don't know code!!
NICE!
I will comment on after using this app.
It doesnt sync any of my post made through the website to the app. Its very hard to edit and work. Its a small version of everything. It only holds posts created in the app...
Love it
Publishing post with picture take a while. No percentage progress so have no idea when it will finish. LG G2
Amazing app for self hosted website ... Now website can be operate by phone ...
Blogging becomes easier
Love it... that's it.
Slow performance...nt loadin so fast....vry upset of ur entire app...
Only thing I don't like is how I can't add a widget. My photos don't get posted for a photography website I'm making. Help? Thanks.
This is a good app for my own personal information.
Amazing,esp.for species like us (no offence)...
I made a post (which took me hours to finish) but then it said there was an error when I tried to publish it. And that's it! The whole thing I typed was gone.
Nice
Thatz Really Gud.....
The one thing I would like to see would be the ability to list posts by post status. It would be nice to see a list of my drafts separate from my published posts for example.
Like it, though mostly for reading blogs and not actually blogging but then I'm an old-fashioned touch-typist. I prefer to actually blog with my laptop, unless I don't have it with me and I want to blog.
good thinking about the people. my changing the way thanks
Loving this so far 
Can't believe how nice it is editing my websites on a smartphone compared to a big pc monitor,  also on wordpress. Job well done and must have for any person running 1 or more wordpress websites!
I mostly use it for the Reader function. Still prefer the computer interface for the typical dashboard functions.
    
You can use every blogging function in your blog using your smartphone, very useful...
Queen.!
Of course it rocks!
Good
Lacking in: 1. earlier day's views; 2. Admin replies. 3. No settings tab. Will wait..Rest is awesome.
I would like to say thank you for fixing the bug fixes. Keep it up!
I can't refresh page blogs i follow. Please fix it
Very good application using it a lot . I would like you please  to add the option for adding a featuring image in the post i make through the app. Iit would be very helpful !!!!!!!  Thanks in advance!!!!
Since I started blogging at the beginning of June 2013, my creativity and dreams of becoming a photographer have now expanded further, all thanks to WordPress for getting me so far in life .
better
Love this app,and cause I use my phone the most is a good tool to keep posting in my blog! Thanks
 
This new update does not post my posts. I regret having it installed
Just trying to install the WordPress android application.Waiting for attempts to know its functional.
nice site
This would be a great app if it worked like it should. It doesn't load right half the time and commenting is painful.
Excellent apps
Mantaps...
very good app, hope hv more new to future..
it's very useful app for blogger
I totally love it. Makes blogging so easy. :)
Easily post to my blog..
... Love the WP app as a "backup" way to read or post. 'Nuff said.
Good apps for share !deas and knowledge
faltu
It lets me edit and review my posts from my ph.
Everything's cool. But one problem. Can't view the themes. It's all white. It's such an amazing app. Please please please fix. Would b perfect. And add some more personalisation if possible. :)
Cool app
V.v.nice
Very helpful sure I can publish my words using wordpress.
It is not able to upload my posts from my phone... which is why I got the app. Any explanation?
Hi, if there is a video in the post (youtube embedded) the app shows a message of web page not available. In self hosted wordpress. What has happened? Thank you!
Really, really good.
I would have to say WordPress is the best platform for building any website thank you all for your contribution in making WP number one
It is very easy to set up your self hosted site and if you have a wordpress account it gives you great statistics. I haven't had any problem yet.
Love it!
Posts can not be refreshed at this time. I can't load anything.
I downloaded it few minutes ago and before dwnldng I asked for a dua which is very important for my life..please reply me now I cannot bear my mental pressure any more..i suggest every Muslims and wise people to have it
Neppure dopo l'ultimo aggiornamento (neppure dopo l'aggiornamento dell'8 settembre) permette il login dei siti self hosted. Molto molto limitante. Scendo a 1 sola stella. Ho scritto la mail come da Vs. risposta ma non avete risposto. Risolvete!
Good
I am very interesting to write, now...
Absolutely the best way to blog
I don't normally review appear but this app is too good.
Uploading new posts or changes to posts is intermittent at best. This app used to do everything so smoothly. What's going on?
good
It's nice
I no longer have access to the app after I updated it. Reporting the problem didn't help as well. The bugs are just too much to handle. Counter productive for blogging experience through your phone or note!
good
This APP is awesome
Created & published post on MacBook. Updated and republished it on my Android phone. Repeated saving and reloading fails to show the changes on my Mac. This has been happening for years!
For the last three days. No option to stop it, or make a blog, or write a post, or anything. "Refresh, Settings, Sign Out" only option.  Crap app.
awesome app I have ever seen. Rhank you Automatic team.
good
It would be nice to see the pictures when editing a post. Each time when I edit a post I can only see the link of the pictures which is not useful when you want to comment them... All the rest of the app is very well made apart this. I'm still waiting for this upgrade before using it ;-)
Does everything I need it to.
Awsm
Hands down the best way to manage your WordPress installation on Android. Thanks for the brilliant app!
After latest update, refresh not working..
5 stars if I could see total views for each post. It's a shame it's not possible.
Very handy!
Perfect app for those who love blogging on the go...I don't need to use my laptop now, and can do everything from my phone! Kudos to the developers!
But I must reset my password, don't know why.. It is off course important, for blogging apps, to do some stuff on the Computer.. I
When I create a post, the shared posts are showing my same Twitter profile picture on both accounts even though I have two different Twitter accounts. It should be showing a different profile picture to correspond with the account it shared to. Please help.
The way to keep active and in control of everything
Must have android app 4 avid bloggers, perfect blogging platform powered by WordPress community
Perfect
He Whanau wa katoa.
See i want to start a blog so i stared looking around and here it is
It's perfect.
Great app and easy to use..
Today i can not login with the app. Response me that he could not connect to wordpress server
Love it
Installing now, hope it works fine
Awesome
I edit all of my pages in Markdown, and when I use the app to edit them, it converts them to HTML. Otherwise, love the app, everything works great.
Custom Post type missing
Blogging 
I love it.
PLZ FIX!
Very convenient. Please support custom post as well.
Easy...simple..fun
Brilliant app. It's so straightforward and has no hitches whatsoever. I love it :-)
Add dashboard in app
Its good app to share ur views on general affairs and life style of people and their ideology..
I am happy to work with wordpress. .
makes working and posting so much easier
I found this app is very useful. It makes us easier to post on go. But additional function of font colouring will certify 5 stars. Please dear dev, make it there, thanks.
I can't even see the themes or my site that i created in this .... it was just showing blank page with some links .... can some one help me ....
Nice app.
Nice interface, great add'l detail for stats.
Easy to used
Shouldn't have issues uploading photos taken on a phone
Fantastic
...and works a lot better []^__^]
Can no longer view posts on my reader! Uninstalled and reinstalled still the same! - Update: fixed.
love wordpress
I use it
Great app
It worked and helped me for instant.
Easiest way to keep the blog up to date from anywhere and any time.
Automatic, you Rock
So easy to use and simple to setup. I almost use the app from my phone to post to my blogs more than I use my computer!
Excellent
It's creepy. I can type my location out if I really want people to know. Edit: as of 09/02/14, still not removed.
Blogging on the GO!
Nice
Excellent adjunct to WordPress. Hopefully, the latest edition will take care of the few hiccups I've experienced when trying to approve comments and pingbacks.
Very goood
I love that I can do my work while I am out waiting for things
Easy to login as always... and easy to use... love it very much...
Sports News
Not easy
Very nice stuff
I can't even log in
Superb
I JUST GOT THE APP INSTALLED AND NOW TRYING TO HANDLE IT WITH CARE AS I PRESUME THIS BOX GOES TO EACH AND EVERY CORNER OF THE WORLD AND I DONT WANT TO FOOL AROUND. SO FRIENDS WILL CATCH UP LATER AFTER LEARNING THIS. TILL THEN BYE.
I installed this because I thought it might be a replacement for the webpage, but this was wrong...its so simple without any simple features, as for example being able to remove a border of an image, decide a link for an image, choosing to show thumbnails instead of full image etc.. Sorry to say it, compared to other blogpages apps for Android; this is almost a shame.
Very Nice
Please resolve the issues!!
When I uninstalled it, it removed my web browser with it. :/
This a very very good app for bloggers.No matter wherever you are, you just can't stop bloging :-) Loving it &lt;3
My WordPress app for mobile blogging
Awesome
Problem inserting media like jpeg mp3 ect. Otherwise it's useful and good
Ggg
Nice tool
A bit different with web version. Hope they would add features for formatting text
Good app
Thank you for the upgraded version :)
I can't login because of two step authentication. Why isn't there an option to have an SMS authentication? I uninstalled and won't reload until this is fixed.
good work on samsung gelaxy s 5360
Can there be any way to change and increase the font size, it is too small!!
:(
Good
The app is really good but you have too fix the writting issue I write something and then when I go fix something I wrote and come back to writing from where I stopped It wont work it wont let continue the wrtiting thingy just jumps between a word I wrote at the start and wont let me write anywhere else!!!!
A great app for blogging in the easiest way.
There are tyms the post made me post twice
Brilliant app. Love the new interface ! However, doesn't work with 2-step authentication enabled. I wouldn't turn it off just so I can use the app. Please add a fix to this and keep it awesome. Thanks.
Would be nice if we can reply comments directly from the app. Would give 5 star if that feature works!
Can't log me in my self hosted site
It's cool
Not bad at all...
It refuses to let me sign in via the app, but no problems when I use the mobile site. So, I can't rate it anything: it doesn't work for me.
Not correct statistics
Love
Nice app.
Easy to use
Good organized app, but the data consumption is incredible high. Can't use without WiFi because of this. Sad :(
Blog
Fantastic bro
Love these features update in the run
I tried so many times to post some things but all it told me was to upgrade and i dont know how to
I've been following a lot of blogs but when i open the app it doesnt show the blogs im following and im really fustrated right now. Please fix this.
I'm new in the world of bloggers. It's a good app for a fast blog. I can access blogs easily by this app. It have a easy to use user interface. Helped me a lot. Thanks devs. Keep it up.
very ok
The design and usability of this app is very good but recently I enabled two step authentication and started having problem.Even after selecting to remember my code for 30 days, it logs me out immediately after login if I try to browse different sections of the app like comments... Please fix the problem with two step authentication and it will be a five star app.
Thanks wordpress
Love that I can refresh the reader feed then read the posts (sometimes with images) while offline (/on the tube underground).  Would be great if it had a bookmark function in addition to 'like', and would be good to copy and paste, but overall very usable and good app.
Good
I remember when all i had was my blog. Now all i have is ... my blog....
Great.
Awesome
Download it, write it, publish. Repeat
Very useful app
I like thise,
Nellai kings sports club
Nice
The app is fast and smooth, way better than the mobile WordPress site. Why is the co schedule option to create messages missing in the app, please add that feature.
WordPress is amazing and the android/iOS apps make it even more fun. The apps have the basic functionality with some cool features too. There are a few glitches that can be rid of, and the app made better. But over all its a fine app.
we really need for the default New Post setting to be "draft", not publish.  so easy to publish accidentaly when begining a new post.  Thank you.  love the app.  Love the simplicity.
Every time i post something it show the post is failed to upload. After 3 or 5 attempts it upload my post. I will give 5 star if you solve the problem please
Good
I installed this app on my acer tablet and it won't even start, can't log in or do anything it close it self when I try to open it, please fix it.../just got an update and it won't let me log in it starts and the header says word press but there is no were to sign in hope it works tomorrow...
There is a learning curve but overall it is a nice gateway to my blogs.
As long as i can read the reviews its all right for me
Outstanding. Software
The app doesn't seem check whether if an image or featured image attached into the post is already uploaded to the media library. Everytime I updated a post or draft, let's say 3 times all images will also be uploaded 3 times. Sometimes the app says media upload error and if I try to update it back now found several duplicates of all the attached images. The set featured image also isn't working and rather insert the image into the post.
Love it, aside the fact that I can't get scheduling to work
Great Apps. I love it!!
7h
I installed this to make blogging from my tablet easier, but it doesn't seem to have any features that would actually do that.
Simple, nice feature, but quite difficult when i want resize the photo in article.
Love WP. Period
Masha, allah
Word
Can you please make two different tabs so that a user can quickly switch between visual editor and the HTML editor while composing a post? That would certainly make editing and composing a lot more productive!
I downloaded it so that I can write my posts on my S4 wherever I am. Sadly it does not update nor save my changes. Uninstalling. I am better off writing on an email for blog posts.
Perfect app for blog lovers
not bad...tho it loads for long....
Awsome and easy function.
Forever freezing and force closing
Aswell as pictures not loading
Very usefull app. Good luck for dev.
There no apps as good as wordpress for me to blog
Good app
It's a reli gr8 app
Nice app love it
Love love
Just what i needed
Never found a misbehaviour.
This app is the best blogging app I've ever had. Simple, but still has a lot of options, and everything is so logical and easy. Much better than Blogger which has almost nothing, and amazing on its own. I switched from Blogger to Wordpress because its so much better! Now I cant live without it. 
I luv dirty pussys
I like it
the app installs and opens but I can't get any of the features to work. it says posts can't be pulled up, media errors out, stats need jetpack installed do I want to install it, I say yes, it tries to install but errors out.
Its easy to use, Wordpress make me enjoy to create my daily note.
Looking blood shed in Islamabad
Great
I love dx app....please include in app upgrade.
Longer posts don't load fully, they're suddenly cut off.
I am loving it!!
Automattic responded promptly to an issue which I had, so great service from the team there.
Really helpful, great app, and a fabilous hosting service.
Normally a great app, but it's  so buggy lately.   Have to edit the pic then upload it so I don't get a media error.  After that I have to delete 4 posts because it publishes 5 posts.  Getting really old...
I get a error message when I try to post images. Please fix thus
Simply perfect need some fix about speed post update
Love the simplicity
Great!
Really a great application to blog on the go. Like it..
Very useful.
NEED
I get to read new posts, see comments and reply on the app but when I open my WP account on my PC, I still see comments unread even if I've read, replied & approved them. Uploading photos still nightmarish so I continue to post from the PC.
New to blogging , never thought it would be this easy and manageable
I really enjoy using this app when I'm blogging. @Joemurder666 @2015 #2014
WordPress great
It is very good app for knowledge sharing. Articled from eminent writers makes it outstanding.
It is good for new generation
Perfect
Blogs I follow doesn't display anything. Your app doesn't work.
Absolutely brilliant in my opinion
I blog regularly and this app is superb for that especially when it comes to just text.
Love WordPress. Works Great !!!
Please fix featured images. Putting them in the post itself is not effective at all. A simple set featured image box is all I need. Also support for custom fields would be nice for post formats. Also thank you for multiple blog support!
It does what it's meant for and nothing less.
I m using this app. Its awesome. Now i can write my blog from mobile. Its easy and best. Haappy with WordPress.
Nice
Good. Not bad
Apik.
I come across a whole new world of errors like.. Error 404, 403, no peer certificate, unfortunately WordPress has stopped working, this username or email address is not registered, incorrect password (i know its the right one!), etc, etc...
O yes avi
I like it need more flexibility in choosing backgrounds for posts
I love to have it
Great app for blogs and sharing photos and moments. Some of the features are confusing to use.
Save your time
Dami 6
Like it
I looked at the html and for some reason the app is removing all the "angle brackets" from the code. So the photos do not post. I am really looking forward to using this all when it works. Still not working after the last update.
I got 403-illegal everytime I tried to post. Tried to un-install and re-install and now I can't log on. Will get back to 5 stars when I can use it again
Aug '14: WP, YOUR ANDROID APP NEARLY MESSED ME UP by not syncing desktop edits! NOT COOL!! 2 stars. Old review: it often thinks mobile edits r more important than local edits, then asks if you want to overwrite but a lot of times that's NOT what I want but there's no other choice. Ultimately, I get so confused I find myself uninstalling and reinstalling alot. Crazy I know. great productivity booster -I recommend this to colleagues. also, an update fixed another bizarre unrelated save issue
The app has improved big time in the last 8 months! Instead of just writing simple posts, it has more advanced features now! Keep up the great work!
It could have been great!  Now it's just about being good. Why fix it if it ain't broke?
I like this app. Installed it once in my BlackBerry and it worked well. This one for Android is even better..! It will be nice if the photo's size can be set using this app like in PC.
Love this app! Nothing like easy access to my blog right from my phone
What's the point if I can't post to my own blog. Would be ideal if I could manage my blog from my phone, but it doesn't work. Please fix.
I like this app, keeps me updated in blogging world
Helps me write on the go, I can start it on my phone or tablet and pick up where I left of on the computer seamlessly. Love this app!
Very easy to create posts
Does not work with WordPress installs on your own host even though it's the same software.
I love it !
Great app
All the features that the web version offers in mobile size! Simply amazing
Ideal for creating new content and making quick edits on free or self-hosted WordPress sites.
This app is so useless. I love Wordpress my girlfriend & me have a blog where we post our Interrail Adventures, but this App is awful! Every time I tried to upload pictures it worked for some, then suddenly, after hours of working on it - everything just disappeared!!!! Or I clicked "publish" , I would wait for hours and it just wouldn't upload (with excellent wifi connection). It's frustrating as we've put so much effort into it and then some posts just disappeared. I definitely don't recommend this App!
This is what i need!
it's good for our future...
Outstanding mobile WP interface.
It's very easy to use.. Auto save as Draf.. smart Edit..!!
Love
ILOVEDIT
I lost my diary.
Had an issue where through June and most of July I could not upload blogs.  The WP staff worked with me through a series of emails to sort out the issue.  Since the update, WP is back to business as usual for me.  Good to know the staff are working hard to keep people happy.  It may have taken awhile but they've regained my 5 star rating.
I can not use this app because it needs the xmlrpc to access my website. My web hosting provider blocked the xmlrpc due to the brute force attacks exploiting the xmlrpc since 2014-07. I hope that there will be another way to use this app.
While you're on mobile and want to update your site on the go.. Well this is it. -
Very very like it for blogging
Gets better
very good
OK I can post..but it always says the post failed.  This causes me not to be able to edit in the app due to a copy not being available due to the error.  Also WordPress will no long post videos in a player from youtube.
Its hassle free and works smoothly.
Havey
Visit chatmate.tk
Love it!
Can read posts. Cannot upload. Trying since three days. Time outs, connection reset and peer certificate errors and the kind. Frustrating.
I loved it!
V lp
Good
One of the Best Apps Ever
Great... i love it
Have had login issues during sessions. 1of two things that could happen! Everyone should rate 3 stars.
Cool but how do you change profile pic?
Perfect for education modules
Great free blogging app
Cool..
This app is ok, but it won't let me like posts! Please fix!
I always get void image error and fomat error whenever am uploading media files Luke pictures only
I can't login to my self-host blog in android WordPress app (it was working fine) then i try to login in my iPhone and it log me in :( , please fix it because i try everything in WordPress troubleshooting page
I have tried logging in to self hosted sites. Can't log in I keep getting incorrect passwords/user names. If I got this error for just one site I would assume it's user error. But I get this for every single site.   I couldn't find a solution on the forum. I think I will delete the app for now.
A nifty little app that lets you post to WordPress on the go.
I love this app
I like the app because of it's convenience, however I wish it would sync to my admin page so that if I started a post on the app I can finish it on my computer. Also it would nice if the text editor had text alignment.
Now I can manage my site from my phone.
This app just ate a post I spent 30 minutes writing. Additonally, it doesn't have any of the proofreading tools the website does.
4 my phone
MANTAAAP!!!! Its good aplication
The best apps..+*+*+**
Beautiful
Great app to use on my galaxy tab 3. I iust have one issue, I can't give pages over to parent pages so that they appear beneath them on the homescreen menu. Fix that and I think we are set
Deletes locally saved posts, posts empty posts, takes forever to upload a few lines of text and a dozen photos. I will not be using WordPress ever again because of this garbage app. Worked for a while and then endless problems. Should be able to access forum from app. Use an alternative site like blogger or something. I have lost a lot of hard work and my patience is at an end. I would give it 0 if I could.
Just this week, my posts stopped refreshing. I removed my self-hosted site and added it back, but I'm still having the same issue. Been over a week and all I've gotten is one email asking what site I was trying to connect to. No support. No answers. Blocked access from my IP from too many failed login attempts. Needless (and sorry) to say, the app is been uninstalled.
This enable me to keep updating my blog from my cell phone. ....and I love it cuz it saves lots of time
I love the app. Nice that I can push a bunch of images at once via share from gallery. Would be better if I could select multiple images from within the post. Not sure why people are having issues with self-hosted. I've had no such issues. Here's hoping this upgrade doesn't foobar things.
Already good but for new people kinda hard make the app more easy use please :)
Please add option for uploading files with app
Love using this app. It makes it so easy to do small website fixes for work while on the go.
Osom
I use this app for a self-hosted site and it's a lifesaver. I'm usually not in a place where I can access my control panel by PC, so when I get an idea for a blog post, I'm able to start it here on the app. Is it a complete replacement for the PC site? No. But it does exactly what I need it to do while I'm not at my desk.
Great
WordPress is awesome for me!
I appreciate the improvements in each revision. Keep up the good work team. Mobile Word Press users really need you to get it right.
Highly Recommended for New and anyone who loves to Blog.
Mantap bro!
It's a little confusing at first but once you figure out how everything flows you're in action.
Blogging on-the-go. Worth it :-)
Sometimes freezes
Love it
It would be better if you can add the ability to stick posts
Twice I've experienced blogging using only my phone to upload posts and it won't upload. Idk what's wrong.
For me (blog lover), this app (overall) is easy to use, eye-catching theme and quick time-load. Nice job! ^_^
I usually have a lot of pictures in a single post for my travel blog. The app does not allow more than one picture to be added at a time - to the post or the media library. It's very time-consuming to have to navigate to each image individually in order to include it in the post/library. Allowing multiple images - at least to the media library - would be very welcome.
For me this is an important feature as i like to record where it is i've been traveling. While still being slightly buried the new  set up doesn't work with postcodes and wont let me view a map to confirm correct location. Why not use a small map and overlay crosshairs to allow confirmation or manual alteration?
Nice update. But i hope some feature like a keyword post or support with plugin seo
Brilliant
Posts or pages can't be refreshed. Can't upload a post or pic. What's the point of this app?
Super efficient, effective and quick!
Has everything I want in a WordPress Android client. The Jetpack stats integration is awesome.
Why it took so long to publish?
Good but i expect a little more, just a little to attain the perfection
Basic but it works.
Easy to use, works effectively both online and offline and it helps you manage your website wherever you are.
Use this for my company website and blog. Very easy to snap a pic and upload straight to the blog when I need to.
So convenient! Allows you to check stats & reply to comments too. The up & coming next big thing in social networking. Good work guys! And the technical team responds back to you (y) Need I say more?
So convenient! Allows you to check stats & reply to comments too. The up & coming next big thing in social networking. Good work guys! And the technical team responds back to you (y) Need I say more?
I use the app more than the website, faster and simpler.
Functional and ever improving. I use it regularly but wish when I share a video from YouTube it would post it correctly instead of posting just a link. Otherwise nice app
The app is so much easier to post and upload pictures.
App is much more user friendly than it has been in the past. I appreciate the updates to the media library as a photographer
"an error has occurred" when I try to mark comments as spam, individually or grouped. this my report. not emailing, not joining a forum. just fix the issue.
Good to see WordPress updating their apps regularly. Keep up the good work!
For months,  I have been unable to login my self hosted blog using this app. The app crashes as soon as I try to login. I've received no assistance.  It is as if they are ignoring any users afflicted with this problem.
Loved this.
I am impressed... Very good app... Easy to handle
Handy and fairly stable.
Now I love it more and Mobil -y
Great blog app
Wordpress for android help me to keep in touch with my blog. Its become easier since I installed it in my Moto G. Love it! Cause help more to keep writing whenever amd wherever I want. As easy as send text. Good job!
I like
Okeh
Simply loved it.
I jus lov tis app n its really usefull.......
So good
Awesome
Got to admit it,its driving me crazy
Gandhoss
Themes cant be chosen,cant upload photos, ..posts cant be edited as text....Needs improvement...
I just go on my vacation then start thinking about install thus cool stuff. More features and theme please!
I've been using, let me rephrase... TRYING to use, this app during my travels to updates friends and family of my trip. However, photos won't upload, sometimes it forces close, and at one point it posted a blank entry after I spent almost an hour typing it ARGGGG!!!
Please improve the UI
I have trouble refreshing my posts. Works fine on WIFI, but doesn't refresh/update when I'm connected directly to my carrier's network.
This app is great.
It wouldn't let me add my self hosted blog for a few weeks.  Now it lets me. Weird
I like word press its the best
Its great
Good app though not useful for me
GREAT APP
light
Nice app  but improve
Yeah
If you have a wordpress url and you wish to make more regular updates. Sketch artikels before publishing them or change variables in your settings on the go. This is a absolute must have.
The app does not want to download and I do not understand why !? It keeps saying " application cannot be installed in the default installation location " ... HELP!
I tried adding the widget and nothing appears. Pointless.
New update = broken I still cannot see my stat. And also i cant reply a comment. Its always failed. Pls fix this. I use samsung galaxy note 2. Thanks
Easy to use
This app works well. Needs to function better for .org account integration though
Very nice improvements and nice added features ... Thanks wordpress for creating this awesome application ..... Must have app for wp bloggers
Please create a dashboard option in the side options. I can't set the setting of my blog like sharing easyly. Overall is okay.
Post creator is awkward to use on this, but for checking stats and comments, this is fine.
I cannot upload new posts! Nor view my site. Please assist or fix, this is very frustrating.
I don't know why but i just can't go to my dashboard anymore and all my posts are gone.
Very interesting. I like it.
Way more usable than the desktop version.
I manage several sites (both self hosted and .com). I used to be able to have them all (even on my Blackberry). Now it seems I can only have one registered at a time. Please bring back the multiple site feature.
I like this apps because we update any apps version
Good!
Great App
I'like the site because is Nice to fund everything lovely .
I like this
It was not uploading pics but the problem seem to resolved itself
Great app!
I can't see My Older Post , and when I try to Upload My Post , but "Upload Failed" , Why ? I have a Good Internet Connection , can you Fix it ? I will Give 5 Star if this Bug can Fixed
Neat app but doesn't upload. Please fix!
Fudduuu
Not bad
I freakingly love it at first.. But after a week I can no longer update my posts.. Why? I can't even view my own site. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling it just now.. But it is not working still. Please help me fix this :(
How about actual rich text formatting when editing pages and articles. When editing existing content the HTML tags show up instead of the formatting. Also the app doesn't even have all the formatting options that the mobile site has. This should be improved. Needs WYSIWYG Editing!
Cool
Facebook pages
Bhavatu sabb mangalam
Hi good
Over the couple of years I've used this app I return to it hoping it's better and although the functionality and layout is ok I consistently lose my work. I have had particular problems with photos. After half an hour of adding photos and editing captions I switch windows and come back and all my work gone. Sometimes just the text remains, sometimes nothing.  Unfortunately I can't find an alternative app out there.
I as well cannot upload pictures.  It is quite frustrating since it is pretty much useless to me without this function.
Reader
Excellent site for lovers of literature of all varieties. I find it very interesting. Thanks.
Best apps.
Nice app
obviously awesome but this app also works fine.. :)
Powerful App and easy to use! A must have for wouldbe bloggers
Glory glory glory.. love the app.. &lt;3
Great app, but your permissions are like raping my phone.
Actually it's a good app. But, since yesterday i couldn't view my site from my phone. Even i want to refresh my page and post it's always failed. Can you fix it?
good app!
#Terima Kasih **
Updated version did not allow any content to be uploaded. After contacting, it works great! Thank you!
Very nice and warm
Like it!
Express yourself
It would be great to have better control over the images, and when creating a post, a better control whether it's a draft or finally post. The "uploading post" notification would feel better if more specific "saving draft" or "publishing post" as an example. Why it doesn't show the share stats from jetpack? Stuck at 0.
Stopped working. Won't let me log in.
Cool!
Creme de la creme
Great ...... include the insert audio option..... Asap. How can d blackberry version have that feature, and android doesn't so not cool
Can't add my self hosted site, then after a few weeks I can add it, and after a few more weeks I can't. LoL seriously annoying!!!
Good tools for bloger..
Awesome app!
Tubemate
App won't login. Goes to a dark screen with WordPress logo and says can't connect to site. Please fix and I'll update my review once it works.
I wish I knew more about this app.  I ONLY installed it as it was a pop up making it sound  like it helped with security.  NOT.  UNINSTALLED AS I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'D NEED IT FOR.  RATHER HAVE  SPACE ON MY PHONE.
All
I can no longer update/upload posts.  I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling only to not be able to log back into my blog. This app is completely useless now
watch nandra hlaing videos
It has been fine with it for a long time, but lately statistics are not loading well. I have to refresh it many times until I get new numbers. Very often it only loads stats from last day and day before.
Trying out new phone
Rips
The pictures are showing in my post when I upload them from My phone.  I'll give you 5 when it's fixed.  I like the overall app.
Error -24 on install  Galaxy note 3
I have this app on both my Samsung s4 and my lenovo s5000 tablet, it is great for keeping an eye on my blog and creating new posts when out and about
Picture upload not working!!
This is what I've been looking for...! I just love it. Would be excellent if more features are added.
Great
Very nice app but still nice to have an actual "keyboard" for typing up those long posts.
Hope Wordpres Also Improves This App in Customization Dept
With this tool, it's much easier and convenient to post a blog. Thanks.
But I can't edit html.
Really good app for keeping up to date.
Its very bad
Love this app. I can remotely manage my blogs and even post new ones. Must have app for any wordpress user
This is exactly what I was looking for.. If there was a way to configure plugins via mobile, that would be a great add on..
There have been several occasions where I have made a new post and it would not allow me to publish it or even save it as a draft...the buttons simply didn't work. I couldn't even copy and paste what I had written so it was lost. I'll just use the desktop site. Thanks anyway.
Like it
I know is too much to ask to buy everything with google play but it would be great if you could buy themes and your own domain with google wallet
Nice
So flexible! Thank you;D
The app dont give full control to thw self hosted site and don't show the plugins installed and how to manage them and don't have functionality to show woocommerce or other shopping cart it ia must in any app that support such a big variation of events ...
An excellent app from WordPress as expected.
I almost make an account and blog. But why if I want to log in it always says: "We can't logged you in" why?
Nice
Great
After the latest update the featured image tick box has disappeared. How do you set them now? Using an LG G3.
Good
Live it
For those with a self hosted blog, after searching through WordPress, I found that something was not enabled in my blog (I think it was the ability to post via email) and once that was fixed it was fine. I still prefer to use a desktop, but looking at stats and dealing with comments is fine.
Dilshad Jafri
A+ I employ WordPress for publishing many chapters of my several Books.
Cool
Ok
Good
It is very helpful for me as a student because it helps me to understand situations that im not capable of understanding it.
learn init
Best blogging platform IMO
This app is awesome :D
I have had this app on both android and IPhone on either this app is brilliant way to quickly and efficiently update your WordPress blog
is best apps
Helps   you build better
This app is really helpful
Excellent app. Thanks guys.
Doesn't let me login.  Says my username and password are incorrect even though I can login in on my PC just fine.
Does not work...
Good apps
If you enjoy squinting at your screen while writing in order to distinguish you article's text from HTML code, then you'll love this app. I must ask: If Evernote & every other goofy little writing app can display bullets, bold, italic, & other formatting as I am writing, why can't this tool for professional writers do the same? I enjoy the WordPress writing experience on my PC/browser because I can engage the content & the formatting directly, organically, while I'm creating. The only time I must face HTML is for the occasional media embed, etc. But with this app the HTML codes are scattered throughout the article & act like irritating little jolts from speed bumps as the appear in the paragraph I'm working on. So it's impossible to get into a state of "flow! " C'mon, developers, you can do better than this. I would gladly pay for a WYSIWYG WordPress writing tool. Until then, it's back to my PC for writing & editing my blog posts.
Is it possible to give full avcess to the plugins in the near future?
Love the community of developers
Good
I HOPE THIS APP WILL GET ME ADVANTAGE
Liked
Good app, would like to be able to upload photos from the app to an existing post. Can't seem to do it at the moment.
Blogging activity menjadi sangat mudah
Thanks. I like this apps. Been using for months. But couldn't explore much as I've been bz. But the apps is easy to use for me to add new entry. So I could update new entry anywhere which help me a lot, in using time efficiently and help to control my emotional stress as I could write anything in my blog anywhere anytime.
I had forgotten why I didn't have the app on my phone,  because it never connects. It seems the problem hasn't been fixed.
Good app
f TV's rf
Superb.but video uploading should be added
it helpfull
I like this app so much.. this is very simple.
The app doesn't show any changes or new posts I make using the website. Until that gets fixed the app is pretty much useless for me.
Fantastic I can edit my site from my phone.
Comments are not sync, please fix this. I don't have any pending or spam comments but inside the app there's 36 comments
Very valuable app.Giving young minds a chance to show what they are and also earn money in right way.Thankyou.WordPress
Its super fast and super easy. I only wish it had the menu button :(
I really like the updates
Wohahaha, it's easy to use and great, just what I was looking for :D.
Worldlaidbare for amazing photography of abandoned locations. App is great to use and helps show my work
It doesn't upload, doesn't show my posts, doesn't approve comments. Every time I try to do any of these 'an error occurred' appears on the screen.
I love the convenience of publishing and editing my work for this app. I link up nicely to my wordpress quickly and efficiently.  Good app for the wordpress article writer or blogger. Publishing,  editing and reviewing. Recommended by Strykers Lounge Aus [FB]
This app has everything I'd want in a blogging app. I blog right from my phone saves a lot of time and totally rocks coz I can blog anytime anywhere I want. Its the perfect blogger's companion
Its so good even for begineer. I loved its tools n themes. Best site to publish ones thoughts
amazing
Good job.
I can keep up with my blog on the go!
Perfect for blogging from mobile.
Worldpress
App has a wonderful interface. Makes updating blog very easy.
Just install this into my Galaxy Note 3 and found out that I couldn't log-in.
H,
Well made
This is the thing I waiting for my website
This is ok app but a not good
App is good, let's me update and edit blog from phone but doesn't let me moderate comments, keeps showing error. Fix that and I'll rate it five stars.
AHHA LOVES WORDPRESS
Very good application
The app is fast and simple - I really loved it! There's something that bothers me - you can't see or edit the HTML code before you publish the post.
Will be perfect if 2 below issues supported. 1) When i reply a comment, it is shown as a comment, not really a reply to specific comment. 2) Should support Q&A plugin such as DW Question and Anwser.
Useful to read online story
I'd just be happy if you add edit hyperlink here
I am unable to upload a profile pic using my phone. It's annoying
Is a excellent media to blog easier
Propper zooming on photos without the blue head banner filling the screen when zooming in. Will update this comment after using the app for a while. July 4, still unresponsive and freezing.
Having difficulties to upload photos
I used this app for 1 month ago. And it was really smooth app and i never got crash or error. Efective for you who want write more on your wordpress.
Blogging and sharing creative content with the world.
Not support custom post type?
Awesome app
The app included a featured image option like on the website and on the ipad version. Apart from this though, a brilliant app that is incredibly easy to use and manage my blog on.
I luv it but I gave me problems when I was using my mobile phone ..BT with my tablet, its perfect
This is quite possibly the worse app I've come across. I spent an hour writing, clicked publish, I viewed it...all if it has disappeared. Uninstalling in favour of blogger...you know something decent! Hire people to UAT your products, cheapskates.
Please, add the ability to sign in to a self-hosted WP using SSO powered by JetPack and using 2-step auth in the WP account.
Fresh design, with many of creative and beautiful templates, with stats, easy to use.One weakness : can't upload photos and pictures
Neaat app
I published several websites based on WordPress,  and it is being really useful for my website. I just think that it could have more things. For example administration of users.  The biggest problem is that it doesn't manage more than one website.
I like v.much.
When moderating comments this app doesn't reliably sync with changes made on other clients (such as the web interface). It has a list of "pending" comments that I flagged as spam and deleted a long time ago.
Works great, thnx! On the Tablet, the Quick Press widget cannot be added to a home page. Unknown why???
Thanks
nice.. thanks so much
Can't find plugins in both App and Website, Please provide it we really need it, and uploading too not working .
Looks great but what's the point if the posts won't publish? Been like this for months. Waiting for an update to fix this bug.
I've had this app and each time I out in my credentials it says "failed to connect".
5 stars on the S5
This seems like a huge oversight.
Really the best blogging app ever made.  It's convenient, it's free.
Helpful
although :/
All together alright but what's the point of the app if I can't upload images that I want. Fix this for a better rating.
Sleek and Easy
Helpful
5star
I am loving it!
How to key in security code when it kept on redirect me to webpage.
Can't add my self hosted account or login. Until then technically I can't even use the app.
You can't even find anything. Stupid.
Very frustrating. In past versions I was able to work with add-ons such as Jetpack; this is just bare bones.
Very easy to use. Makes it possible for anyone to create their own blog. Editing and tagging were very simple
Great app
Can't paste text into posts.  Tells me to use ctrl-v or cmd-v.  Doesn't exist for Android.  Oh and the response is crap because the suggested long press paste is when I get the crappy ctrl-v message.
It picks and choses when it wants to upload a photo. Sometimes it will put the photo on and then remove it a couple of seconds later; other times it won't show at all. Will have to go to a different blog website if this isn't fixed soon. Otherwise it's a good app.
Thanks for this app
I can't upload featured image to my post plus too many bugs to fix like I can't delete any Inserted Image until I go to website and edit post manually. Not expected this much dissatisfaction
WordPress
Convenient and easy.
Simply great.
I can't log in to my self-hosted site. Very frustrating. Please fix this issue soon! This app USED to work...what happened y'all?
Doesn't allow me to approve comments, reply to comments or do much else. I keep getting "an error occurred while moderating"
I like that
Doesent let me log in on my tablet, would help. Ty
I can't read Vietnamese, please fix it
I LOVE IT ;)!
The app is mostly brilliant but for some reason, since the last update I haven't had any stats showing uo, just 0 for everything which is incorrect as I know my site has had a lot of visits and page views.
So far so good
Coolest blog app
Thanks so much! Now i can edit my webpage any where.
Oh i love it
The "tips" that show up can't be turned off and don't ever go away on whatever activity they appear on. When there is a tip, it is impossible to click anything behind it. Very annoying. Next, in landscape, they have disabled the full-screen editor. I can't see anything I am typing. Not all of us use tablets and all of you app devs REALLY need to STOP disabling the full screen editor. That alone makes this 2/5. Also doesn't save html like setting paragraph text-align to justify. Practically useless.
cool but cant upload themes
Excellent service and good performance
I can update loudspeaker malayalam blog with this app easily.thanks wordpress
I love WordPress, but this app is garbage. I've lost several blogs already that I attempted to post. Just now I rewrote a blog twice and both times it just vanished when I uploaded it! I get nothing but the title and an empty body. I am fed up with it. There are no backups, zero record of the blog ever being there, and when I log in on my laptop the draft pages look completely different. Seriously, what is going on with this? This app is useless- don't download it unless you like being angry
Keeps saying it's downloading and nothing happens. My internet connection is strong too.
Lovely..
I wrote a long blog and tried to publish it and it got deleted, how Idk?  I refreshed, I restarted my phone and logged out and back in again and poof, I can't even find it in the trashed section.  SOOOO DISAPOINTED
I rate this appointment a ten extravagant top notch website with superior people you can connect to to make your blog in a controled professional manner.
I like its usability. Its cool
Pls give an option to search ppl
I just wrote a whole article, the button for inserting images did not respond. If I touched the outside of the text box, I couldn't scroll back down to continue my article, no scroll bar for text box. When I went to preview the article, it appeared as if it had posted it instead. So I pressed the back button to get back and edit, suddenly there was my home screen. I went back to the app and everything was gone
An easy to handle/use application.
Please fix this ...temporary resets password NOT LIKE .ak 
I've tried to login several times, but it always ends up with a notification saying, failed to connect to Wordpress server.
I wouldn't write content on this (mainly because I'd much rather type on a keyboard), but for keeping up with comments it's ideal. Be useful if comments manually marked as spam didn't show up in the comments list though...
It was working properly before updates but now I does not upload anything, It always give fail error. It needs to be fixed.
Great app!
...I write Fanfiction aaand when im ready to post it wants to act up. It either spaces things that dont need to be or deletes all my work from being in drafts..i love the app but cmon
Just almost because I can't find a way to insert a video player using a Youtube link. Nevertheless, I've just published my first via-android-post and I'm happy. Will give five stars once the video insert is solved. Thanks ;)
Its just wonderful to read in this app. May be because of that pleasant look. The light blue color on the top, the nice font that keeps your eyes running through the letters.
Needs title tag text area in link insertion. Upload of updated post fails.
N
This was great but for past few weeks it is not publishing my posts. Will not upload picture. Please sort it out or befor i revert back to blogger full time.
very love
I can't see the notifications from WordPress on my phone. It's happened for almost one week. I've already check the notification settings out and there's nothing wrong with it. Please help me fix this issue. I communicate a lot through wordpress and this problem bothers me.
Michael
Sometimes wp is blocked in my country, and it takes much more time to get into wp through app during that time. If you guys can fix this too, it would be just great.
Error 3 times
Aha aha i loved it because it's better than blogger...happy!!
This last update really brought the app up to date. The interface is much cleaner and it easier to post from my mobile because the system is so streamlined to the web version. Finally! I might just use it on my phone.
I had a blog but never posted to it until I got this app. I use my tablet much more than my computer at this point, and the app means that it's right here, reminding me to post whenever I'm working or playing on my tablet.   I like that I can read the blogs I'm subscribed to, post, and read comments all in the same place. Thanks for some great software!
This is a great app and it's speed is remarkable. However, since I have enabled two-step authentication, logging in the first time from my phone (even after using an application specific password) turned out to be problematic. Could there be a step by step instructions somewhere? Or is there a way to remotely authorize the app?
Overall a great App but the problem we get about an error when ever we Upload Media... I given it 5 star because I Love it.. but we need a better Uploader to Upload Media files ..
It was a great app and very handy and useful to me. I was no one really using computer to post on my blog with this but with the last update I just can't upload images. Not in mobile not in WiFi. Already cleaned data and Uninstalled to install again and doesn't work. It will be just taking space in phone until an update fix this. Please fix soon. This app is very important to me.
Useful
Please add support for creating new bbpress topics as well.
Goooddddd
dami blogger
This comes highly recommended! &lt;3
Just published a very long post and it uploaded a blank post and deleted everything I'd written. Not the first time this rotten app has deleted my work.
Love this app I'm glad they have an app now I can updated my studio page on the go
Cool app for me!!
Ohh this is very nice app.. It makes me easy to post to my blog. Simple and really helpful for me.
 
I like this application but the problem is on the "post".  I would like to suggest that their will be a "search button" so it can be easily find the certain topics or writings without keep on scrolling and scrolling. :) I am looking forward for this soon.  Thanks a lot.
I love this
CHOOSE FILE button doesn't work for which I m unable to upload themes or plugins or even images. I m using Samsung Galaxy S advance. Kindly fix it ASAP.
Disappointing for me as I tried many times it isn't accepting the details..
The app has no flaws for me. It functions smoothly and i have no complaints about it. There is, however, one feature i would personally like to see. An upload feature. So that it isn't necessary for me to write the post up in wordpress itself.
How to add featured image? How to choose multiple image to be uploaded?
My laptop has no face Cam so I can't save a photo as my profile picture! Make it so you can change your profile picture from your phone!!
Smooth working with the galaxy S5. I love it.
Keren
Why aren't the pages loading? On the handset as well as on the computer.
Good
Great app
I was able to post only one article. I cannot add any more entries and when I click the left part, the only options available are "reader" and "notifications". How do I get back to my dashboard?
Platform
Seems like there are many directories to go through until it gets to desired action. Interface is bland - make categories (& section titles easier to identify?) more popup text entry boxes would be great instead of scrolling so much.
Zaphter
Very well built, clean UI, super simple to use and it 'just works' so it has all the necessities.  The only thing I'd really love to see in the short term is for multi site support.  I manage multiple WordPress sites and every time I have to logout and back in.  I wish it saved the login profiles so I didn't have to constantly key in all the details, or better yet, just allowed me to change profiles (ala how its done for gmail or drive).  That feature would save me a lot of time.
excellent
Awesome & Free
App is very good but you can't customize theme from here. Will be really wonderful if that could be added.
I have nothing to say
I really like this app but I cannot get the quick press widget to work. This would be very helpful as I use it to host our church's blog and we post a lot of pictures and quick notes.
This app is good and solves a lot of problems with editing on tablets using browser. I feel this app needs good modifications, like there is no menu button which is used a lot by website makers. Please Please Please update it. A big advantage is this app is fast !
Good for me .
Great for projects
Simple, need to manage comments and this app is sufficient enough for self hosted blog, better than browser logged in
Blogging, easy!
Fast
very useful for me
Very handy app for making corrections and small tweaks. I wish I could filter my posts by category as well.
Just mailing a new post is way easier
Me gust a su contenido,es facil y  no puedo vivir sin Ella
When downloaded this app and it didn't installed with some errors it doesn't install in my phone I  have good Space in phone
Having an issue with not being able to follow or un-follow people or comments not going through. Great otherwise!
I run a podcast called Stashcast. I can update the blog on the move which is awesome all from this handy app!
I love how the WordPress app is able to allow one to update on the go. The icons are all very good and one does not need to rely on a computer to update his/her thoughts!
I can't submit my post -_- . This sucks
Improve it fast..
Everything working go. Pls add save button on post setting page too. Every time i need to click back for this..
Great
I would love to use this app but it does not seem to let me edit my hosted WP site. :(  Is there a seperate app for that and I have missed it, or what?
Great app.
Easy to use, edit and read... Love it
I write my blog using this... Excellent interface,very intuitive.
I love to use this
Love it! Works very good
Awesomeness.
Great app. Works smoothly and is easy to use. My only request would be a dark mode. The white background is hard on the eyes... Thanks!
Write and writing
I have not lost a post in quite some time, so am returning to my five star rating. Thanks for the improvements.
Very helpful app
Many things improved. Hope more to come
Will not upload images, it says it has and when u go on the internet it just has the HTML strip.
I use it all the time from my Samsung Galaxy 3!  Great for photo uploads,  too!
This app deletes half of my posts before I publish them...doubling my work!!! It makes me irrationally angry. Fix your app!!!
I started blogging via this app..just can anyone help me with facebook and twitter linking.
This is my site from the    wpress please visit.
Yeaaaah
Nice...
Adding the more bit is fairly hit n miss, seems to overlap text if you try to insert it after you've done the writing
Not bad
No search, no 2FA, no WYSIWYG editor, some markup tags are rendered in read mode... Needs much improvement to get 5 stars.
Love u
I initially gave this app 5 stars. But I have to settle for 3 stars after I used it. I'vehad some difficulties finding drafts of my posts. I had to check my blog on a browser before I can edit my drafts again and publish them so that partwas kind of unnerving.. If that can be fixed, then it's back to 5 stars!
I can finally see my posts. I can see my comments as well too. The upgrade has been much better the notifications come through, everything comes as it should. It's a great app.
Loved it
t
A clean UI but I can't search for blogs using keywords else a good app.
Thx for fixed :)
Good application
Formatting of article is still missing. If I have edited an article on desktop and only added headers h1 &  h2, they don't show up on phone. Also please add image compression within app.
Simple Smooth Professional, inspires Blogging :)
I love it. But there is something that WordPress had never improve. I can't put the main photo on a post. I manage a news media and its really important the main photo because I can't put the photo for the preview on the headlines from the app. I have to go to the browser. Not liking that.
two thumbs up!
I'm new but I love WPRESS
I hopefully better than before.. :) thank you..
But I don't see the blogs that I follow in my reader.
I tried the new 2.9 version but can't edit anything. An error message "website not available" comes up with link to Amazon.
WordPress all the way!
Let me add stickies and then it's perfect.
Es buena, es algo complicada de usar pero sin duda muy util para editar tus blogs.
Don't use it that much because I'm on a PC the majority of the time but it sure can be a life saver in a pinch when you're on the go. Well designed and easy to use.
I have been blogging with Wordpress for over 4 years and I love it. Every article looks great on the platform. Keep up the great job Wordpress :)
Great app to post entries, control comments and view stats while traveling or running errands. Never had any problems. :) Update: currently working with a Galaxy S2, still no problems or complaints.
Add some styling option for post make its post editor to something like its pc post editor
I like the app.  It is easier for me to update or start a new posts from my phone.  What I don't like is the limitation to add images or videos in a specific part of the post,  unlike in the web version.
Lol, i found the desktop version too complicated... And i almost quit using it, but i decide to give it a try to the android version... And i am back on the road 
Perfect for those who can't always online from PC, but want to post to their blogs everytime. The connection is fast. Great.
Force closes all the time with new version.
I can't upload my post and can't see all my post. Please fix it, it's uncomfortable!!
Just awesome, nothing else!
It is really helpful as i use it everyday. I can check my blog as well as checking my stat.
Why do you need all these permission
Looks gorgeous on my Nexus 10.  I love it so far.
Joss
Making blogging easy on the go and getting comments. Still was buggy, hoping new updates improve!
This is the world that will make money maybe I say love a Book to for we are a homework paper with going to libaray and the bookstores
Won't let me view my site.
This would be a 5 star review if I could do the following: insert multiple photos at the same time (or add multiple media files to a post, as I believe you can in the iOS app) and manually set the location.  These two things are making it painful keeping my travel blog updated using my Nexus 7.
Great app
Love it.........
Won't allow me to log In :-(
NSD
Fine for writing on the go without having to carry a laptop, even without internet. Stats section doesn't always work. Very good for keeping your webpage up to date.
Thank you!
Loving the app. Really helpful.
The app closes suddenly for no reason. I've deleted and reloaded to no avail. PLEASE fix it! I use my samsung for my blog all the time. Ready to throw in the towel!
This good app and wordpress is good blog :-)
Nice app to improve our education communication!!
Love it. Especially the ability to rate, like, and follow posts.
I love this App. And the people I've met!
Satisfactory
Very useful app indeed
Annoying app. Can't post. Ugh. 
why theres no summaries in statistic area?
I have used many apps and must say this is the worst UI ever! How difficult is it to get the display aligned correctly? Totally useless compared to the great website!
Really poor app. Pretty much unusable.
Include a search bar and I'll give it 5 stars!
Feedback
The Android version doesn't allow you to upload featured image for posts and has a lot less options please update
I love this app.  I am a novice but so far so good.
Thanks
App is usable, but it doesn't synchronize properly. Changes made on the computer aren't synchronized, so its quite possible to inadvertently undo changes. Use with caution.
Great Application
Last update caused consistent crashing. Please fix asap!!!
I love being able to do that!
Terrible app- always refers to local version if you've updated live version on another device. Won't let you do loads of things and navigation within boxes is really annoying. I can never seem to do what I want with word press on a mobile grrrr!
No matter what I do, the post I just spent twenty minutes writing will only save as a local draft. It will not publish from the app to the website. And then the app crashes and I lost all my work. I don't know if the app isn't working or is just pointless, but I will be uninstalling unless there is an update quickly.
I can not put videos from my tablet Nexus 7. If they can fix that error I'd appreciate it. Thanks
Unk
Plugin Add and Remove please
Its cool
Looks and perform much better, the best app for blogging on the go.
Please add a search feature for blogs or authors, to follow a known blog.
The button that says"pull down to refresh" covers the title and status of the most recent post completely, so that I cannot see the status or anything about my most recent post. Serious flaw.
Why don't add the dashboard in  the app for total control of the blog.
It would be cool if you could add spaces for meta tags, keywords and descriptions, so as to improve seo...then I'd give it a 5
Steven D Nelson
The main reason for installing this app was for the ability to send post. That option is not available in the menu. The only options I have are read and notification. I'm deleting.
Blogers also have done like this
Its a nice app, but I cant remove the blue line from the top of the screen, which says: Tip: pull down to refresh.
shows a few pages, but most are blank  would be good if this were sorted
Portable, convenient.
If be nice if there were more post options, like featured image and theme post options.
I'm also having issues refreshing, as well as issues getting to the homepage.  I accidentally clicked to start a new post, and now my WordPress app is stuck on that page.  If I click to go back to my blog, the app just closes.
           
Things were going smoothly until the last upgrade. Since then, my new posts don't show up in my android device anymore. Don't understand why you guys like to fix something that isn't broken.
Would be nice if it stopped booting me randomly and let me log in.
Sro
Posts are not uploaded
It's really great platform to share..
Gail Colclough
load older posts (almost a deal breaker), save posts for offline reading (otherwise Chrome would do just fine), more account settings and config in app
App used to be fast and functional. Have problems uploading HD photos to my site. No one has answered 9 TROUBLE REPORTS.from HTC One Metal M8
1 star (down): Reader does not show posts from all blogs I follow. Stats are off. I am annoyed. The alternate option, mobile web, is terrible as well. I'm ready to throw in the towel on wordpress // previous review &gt;&gt; 2 stars: App is glitchy. Super slow response time. Annoying!
Works perfectly fine.
Very much useful for me
Cant post my blog using my note 3. Looks like I still need to use a computer just to let me post a page. Help please. Thanks
Must have
Good app
Love the ability to update our website from the phone. Great app
good
The main reason I use this app is to share my posts. Since I updated to this version of the app it no longer updates my posts . Once in awhile it says "pull down to refresh" or something obvious, I can't tell for sure because it won't let me pull it down. If it keeps up this way I'm going to uninstall it and use my laptop to share posts. It doesn't always keep up with the reader either but it's not as bad as when I try to update my posts, I like to see them on my phone.I liked it better before I updated it
I can't use the image widget because you need a URL address for your image. Even though my images are right there in my WP media.
If you trash a comment on your standalone blog's admin panel before doing so in your app the comment will not go away in the app. Any attempts to edit, mark as spam or trashing the comment yields an error. The only work around is to log out of the app then log back in to each and every one of your stand alone blogs. Quite a chore if you have several of them.
Features too limited. If I can't manage my site as well as I can in a browser why bother with it?
excellent app
It is very nice app
App looks good and convenient. However it's not allowing to copy paste data from other app. It says use ctrl+v to paste. How am I suppose to do that in android.
Nice app
@wordpress
/?????? Help me , I'm don't know Nick.
Gud efforts to give a great blogging experience....but freezes a lot..  Needs a bit updating..  Cud give only 4 star nw..
What not a treasure of knowledge
Not systematically designed. Deleting....
App always shows error in publishing and deleting posts.
Excellence...
You got a nullpointer exception on the login screen, if i press back.
Amazing Status
I just started using this app and it does not appear to be updating... I go to the "My Posts" tab and it is not up to date... I guess it's good if you want to ust use it to post content but not to keep up with what you've been working on.
My blog is something important to me, and the fact I can use on the go helps me so much!
working great
Can't log in
I think it's better on the computer than your phone js
Best app for using wordpress on my tablet
Why I can't install it ? Always error when I was trying to install it. Can you please help me ?
Easy to manage multiple blogs while on the go.
Nice handdy app every blogger should have..
Very good apps
Working with the visual editor causes any formatting and images to show as code when you post.  Adds tags around images and such making it look horrible.  Particularly when trying to work on a computer at home and trying to finish on my phone. Ruined hours of work.   Lots of good things about the app but that pretty much ruins it for me. Not being able to even open a post mobile sucks.
Love my healthy  Lifestyle  Positive impact on your health  THINKING ABOUT YOUR HEALTH ONLY  
great
I just recently got on the blogging stuff. But WordPress makes it easy to blog and have fun while blogging. Quick and easy for on the go!
Very new to this, but seems easy enough... can't add photos to my blog from the app tho, I have to do it in a web browser! The app doesn't open the upload box. I'm on a Samsung galaxy note 2014 edition.
Fantastic!
thanks
I don't ever give negative comments but my goodness! Creating a post is so frustrating. I do not recommend this app. Sorry
Excellent Web script
No way to edit plugins, edit code and more advanced stuff a selfhosted site would need.
I have had a number of incidents of data loss with this app - I press the "back" button while composing and it doesn't save or offer to save what I've typed. It happens after the third or fourth save. This is unacceptable.
Easy to manage and such good app
Good
Hey Mohammed
Messed up all my info when I made the blog and won't let me fix it. Sucks
Works perfectly well for blogging on the go and keeping up  with conversations.  I wish I could clean out the spam folder though.
I use a mobile device to upload  large apps and there is no option in this app to upload pdf's. Please fix.
Good
I love this app. It keeps me blogging on the go. I had issues previously and learned they were due to user error. Right now I can't find any flaws with this app. Great job WordPress
Great
Excellent
Just getting used to it....so far, impressed.
:)
I love this app
Easy to use, efficient and hasn't frozen on me.. Wordpress for mobile is good and quick application for me..
Make your body 100% naturally directly create and increase anti oxidant production in all mammals. Reduction of oxidative stress by 40% in 30 days. Oxidative stress is central to all disease
Excellent
The best UI that suits mobile devices for blogging! It's super awesome!
It have everything we need.
Excellent
I've had to uninstall and re-install about three times. The app just closes whenever I try to open it. After re-installing, it'll work for a while before the same thing happens again. Please fix this. It is a Great app though
Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this Like this
Samsung Galaxy S5
It's working just fine except for the Appearance &gt; Menus. I can't edit my menus, pages, and categories using my smartphone. I can only post when using my phone. I cannot edit my tabs.
Where is the select feathered image option ?
Worst app ever!!! It never allows me to log in even after having reset my password AND reinstalling several times. DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS FRAUD OF AN APP...it's easier to just access/edit your blog via your mobile web browser. #EpicFAIL #UNINSTALLED
Nyc
Need option to set feature image for the post, the option available for paid themes.  Five star when option is available for same. Thanks.
They quickly responded to complaints and reinstated stats page. This shows they listen to customers which is good. Rest of app is reliable and easy to use.   ...... Previous Comment &gt;&gt; Last upgrade is terrible: The stats pane is a major downgrade. I've lost the most valuable feature which was the page views. No idea how you can do this without a warning so people can NOT upgrade :-(
good
Does what is says on the tin!
Gooooooooooooood
Good!
Works well. Unable to manage comments reliably (comment not found error)
A must have for a WP blogger
This app helps.but need a little touch. There are two problems. 1. Cannot sync post with web version 2. Duplicate post when edit post that just uploaded.  The older version is better.
Great
After a slow start there seems to be a lot of effort going into making improvements with this app. One wonderful improvement would be the ability to link to other posts on the same blog by clicking on a drop down list of articles.
App try it !!!
  
I am using best right now
Make the effing "tips" that came with the latest update go away... or have an option somewhere to make them go away. I'm well aware that pull down refreshes the page. I don't need to be told every on every page I view.
Now that the stats are fixed this app is awesome. It fits my blog needs perfectly.
Wordpress ok banget dan keren
Excellent!
Easy to get into.
Allows you to do the basic stuff when you need it on the go.
Holding out for hope
Great app. It's a nice step but you have to improve
It was working fine but now I keep getting socket time out exception. Selfhosted blog on hostgator. Used to work well till 2 weeks ago  Update: most of it works now
Great app.
Adding photos, and altering them later is not so user friendly :-(
Love it!
DONT AUTO UPDATE WITHOUT MY PERMISSION! !
The theme I use relies on Featured Image. Would be great to be able to set that from this app.
Galaxy S5. I like it,  but it is a little cumbersome to use the editor for writing a new post.
Good app
Great for updating your blog on the fly.
I have been using this app for a while and enjoy posting from my phone but since the last version and after I reset my phone, I am not able to login into my custom site because it kicks me out and force close, before it worked perfect.
They were fixed with the last update, but this one made them not work again. I rely on the stats. Please fix again.
It's not bad but comments should be from the latest to the oldest. Also in settings page allow to attribute a virtual name to blogs.  Update: it crashed my blog. Uninstalling
Great way to access and add or alter your WordPress (self-hosted) site. Pretty straight forward in UI as well. I do noticed that my stats are partially updating in the latest version. Top posts and everything underneath stays on may 1st. Other then that.. Just use it :-)  Update: Thank you for your work, appreciated!
I have notice that if i like a post on WP Reader using Web Browser on PC. The post on my app still don't have orange star on it even if i refresh my WP app. Can you please fix that? it's a little annoying.
So good
Ummmmm
I mean I don't usually gripe about such things, but the wait for the posts to load is simply ridiculous. Whenever I delete a post or edit it, it doesn't update and reflect quickly. The wait is more than a minute, and during the period, I'm not allowed to look through my posts. I'm so annoyed that I came to complain about it. Gosh.
Permissions are a bit quirky  from mobile to desk top.  Other than that, very easy to use!
App
User-friendly and efficient
Nice:)
Bagus, kini bias ngeblog dimana pun
Its done
I input the same details to login  on my new Samsung s5 as I did on old iPhone .  IPHONE logs in fine by app on android will not allow me to login.  Fed up of trying
Thank you devs ;-)
Stats page updates page views, but my viewed posts and anything else tied to 'today' and 'yesterday' doesn't update. It's all stuck on a month ago. Logging out and back in doesn't help.
This works great for the WP blogs I own or manage. Best app on my tablet and my phone
I upgraded the app earlier this morning and now I am unable to save any posts with or without pictures.  Please fix this!   4:54pm Update: The error message says "an error occurred when loading media: no peer certificate" I took the pictures out and it still doesn't save to draft or publish. It says local changes.  I lost an entire blog post today of over 500 words because of this upgrade. I have never had an issue with this app since I originally downloaded it. Please correct this!
Love it.
Great application
I would like it if you added alignment options for the text.  As it stands I can only use this for drafts.
This is one of the awesome app I downloaded from the store. I recomment everyone to keep the wordpress with you all the time and pen down every random ideas coming into your mind.
A liitle more improvement :)(
Makes content management on the go a breeze
GOOOD
But COMPLETELY worth it! This time it doesn't mess with my blogs by putting the wrong post on the wrong blog! I approve of the new update!
This is a great app; I am facing one problem, however. I have multiple blogs which I manage through this mobile app and the notifications option in this app is somehow stuck at only one blog. It doesnt fetch notifications of other blogs which is quite unnerving, if you ask me. Also, the posts-refresh button doesnt work sometimes. Please look into it.
Very useful app for managing your WordPress sites.
I HAD TO MAKE INVITED VIEWERS "Authors" in order for them to view with the app! Whats the deal??? Is this some ploy to get me to pay the 99$ just to keep my blog secure or is this HUGE BUG just a very bad flaw??? I hope it can be corrected very soon if not then what is the point in blogging privately if my readera can mess with my blog?!
I am sure you made this app just for the sake of making one. With no attention and care to details, no attention to user reviews - you have crap at your hands! Yeah, thanks for having "WordPress App" in the store... Thanks but no thanks...
Tapi lo sayang sama dia? 
Excellent on a 7 inch tablet
Love the app, it does everything I need it to do on my mobile phone.
Great app! Suggestion: please add existing tag detection to check if tag already exist as tags are typed in the Tags field. Thanks!
Enables you to do everything you would on a computer.. makes updating your blog quick and simple on the go!! :)
I have two WordPress accounts for two separate blogs. I wish I can use them both in one app without having to sign in and out again. If that can be made possible, I'll rate this 5 stars.
Can use a few tweaks and SEO optimization box
Please make us use the wp dashboard function.
WordPress app works very well, and does most of what you need or want.  A must have, for sure!
v2.1.3 Good app. Making drafts is easy with this app. Looking at stats is also nice. Posts is manually refreshed though. v2.7.2 I like that it now pushes notification when a comment is posted. 2.8 Nice to have multi window support.
I still got zero complaints.
Great app
Not much of a blogger but enjoy reading some of the blogs here
What is going on ? Really how many people does it take to fix this mess for android users? Please help
Great app
Excellent!
Its so easy
Love it
Include the feature to justify text in the post editor.
I love it, however I still can't get into my self hosted site.
The refresh sucks..
Never have I had any problems with this app. It's been a huge help in my field of work, "writing". Thanks!
nice
It's a nice app, however, I would really appreciate it if the developers could make it easier to upload photos in a blog post. I'm not able to upload photos from phone's gallery into my blog. It's also next to impossible to design from my phone. I'll give 5 stars if fixed. I only blog from my phone so I need these features to work. Thanks.
Works
Can't log in, period! No matter what I do. I tried all the three blogs I have and could not log in. Open a browser and was in in a minute. Deleted it. Needs work.  Edit: Install it again and tries a couple of different things but nothing worked. Too bad.
Nao consigo logar nos meus blogs! Aparece um erro dizendo que nao pode me conectar ao WordPress.
Its gr8 mehnn
Only issue I have is the "Hint: pull down to refresh" gets in the way of the text at the top of the screen. I honestly prefer a button anyway.
Selecting a category works well, but when you select a sub-category don't.  It automatically selects "Uncategorized".
Excellent
There are a few annoying bugs... like the tip to scroll down to refresh that (1) never goes away and (2) doesn't work. One example is updating your view of your own posts.
Kital fi sabilillah
No visual editor.  Image insert op top of page is displayed in bottom.
Gooooooddd!
Very easy to write and add to blog. I give it an A+.
Everything is OK but I want to know how to publish a post here as I can not understand.
People who try the product and then feel compelled to filla rating and comment with negativity - why not offer whats known as "constructive criticism"? Reporting bugs and problems are the only way theyd know what to fix for later updates so why not try to find a more consstructive way to communicate
I want post date & time back for the post listing.  Now I have to go to post settings for each post to find the post time.
Love the convenience
I would very much like to be able to see changes I make to a draft on my phone when I access the site on my PC. No point having the app if the only way I can see posts I typed up on my phone is when I hit publish. Hope this issue is resolved soon.
i prefer it better than drop down to refresh.
It's On Android!
I love it, it very useful for bloggers and web developers, they can update their sites at instantly and reply to the comments in a moment, thanx for this great app
If you're blogger or webmaster. You must get it. Now your smartphone will be your deskjob..
Excellent
Helps drafting blogs on the go. But now I'm not able to publish it.
DINU
None of the pictures are showing up
good
Good
I appreciated this excellent work very well done guys.
Good!
Love this
My wordpress site has a two step authentication login ... in which I get the code from this app.. and I m unable to acess it... now I cannot access my blog so I m leaving it... go to hell!!
Awosome
I've been using the app for a while and don't understand why people think pull to refresh is more intuitive than the refresh button.  Not an improvement.
9 weeks trip and did everything from a phone..pics, blog...update...just worked....simple and easy....if you want more...use a laptop
Doesn't have all of the website features, but is a great mobile app, getting better!
I loved this app until someone decided "pull down to refresh" was a good idea. It works sometimes, and sometimes it just does nothing at all. That is, when I don't accidentally pull down the top menu of my phone, trying to hit the right spot to refresh. What was wrong with a refresh button? It worked, and no "helpful hint" needed because it was obvious what it did. Hints are not intuitive; stuff that looks like what it's supposed to be is intuitive.
Great work
This app is pretty good but I wish it would have more features
I like this app a lot, I never thought it would be this easy to use wordpress
At press !
The app is great but can be further improved.  Please keep the tag editor on the same page and not on different screen.
Cant reply or post to my blog. Keep getting unable to post or reblog error
Completely confused as to why a mobile app is inaccessible from a mobile device. All information is correct, and yet I can't get into my own account. Embarrassing.
Awsome cool mitch thats done
Advance brower
very handy when comes to upgrade sites.... plus flexible too
Good for peaking in at my site and viewing sites i follow but i wish it had more posting features!
It makes me easy for read more FF in the other blogs who I follow.
Used it a lot, but the recent version lacks the multiple logins ... I have three blogs! But I have to logout each time!
I just love this app.
Broken now  Impressive easy to use app, but puh-leez move the frickin dustbin!  Only in a comedy would you find the self-destruct button next to the start button!  Don't you guys know nuffink about HCI design?  Jeez.  If you update and dont fix it I geef you zero stars!
The application does a good job of being available in a fancy UI that's also user-friendly. Just couldn't find the time to make use of it while I had it installed on my phone. That's not the application at fault!
Menu handling in admin panel is shitty.  Also no option for feedback within the app
The blog I'm following in webpages doesn't appear in this app.
Inutile ! Car on ne peut avoir acces facilement a nos sites. Seul le "blog" inutile lors la creation du compte peut etre facilement gerable...
See how this work on phone
How do I post a video? :'(
Cant beat you wordpress. It keeps on rocking. But with latest updates the speed of loading is degrading.
Worked well out of the box.  However I installed some security plugins that change the login page from the default for a hosted site (after my site got hacked through WP) and this app breaks.  Until I can tell it where to login (please let me do that instead of assuming its wp-admin) this app has become useless :(
Now , I can manage my own site in my phone.
Works great for phone
This app makes blogging fun. Easy to navigate and just all around awesome. Thank you.
Tottaly awesome app
Full featured web CMS. I recommend all, use this apps which helpful for all WordPress user to uptodate your site form your favorite smart phone.
I don't have internet access at home for my computer but this app let's me update my blog very easily. I'm glad that the memory thing was updated. That was the only previous issue I ever had. Thanks for doing such a good job guys!
App is a must have for every wp user. I only wish more improved post scheduling.
I don't need to say anything as the whole world already knows that WordPress is the best CMS as well as blog. Know you just made it harder for other to compete with this amazing mobile app !!! Keep up the good work and thanks to you all :)
As a mom with 3 young kids sometimes my phone is the only way I can post. This is fabulous. All the new updates fulfill my previous wish list! :)
Indeed a best way to express
Keren.. bisa ngeblog dimanapun  dan pada aaat apapun  LanjutGan
I have an HTC ONE and I can not login with this app!!! Please fix this and I Will give 5 stars..it keeps saying username or password is incorrect but that is not the case..please fix this!!!!!!!!!
Always doing same update
I like
Job.  The multiple accounts thing still awesome - everyone should do that. Y do u need to view network state? Is there a choice? Blocked until valid explanation.  And, morons who can figure this out: if you are logged in, then you WOULDNT SEE THE LOGIN SCREEN, BECAUSE YOU ARE ALREADY LOGGED IN.  And, WHOAH, Drafts have been syncing for 8 months, so stop wishing - it's here!
I love this app, but I wish that drafts would sync as well.  Sometimes it is convenient for me to work from both places.
Really enjoy the offline access provided, where I can still view my stuff and read it in the blog. That's pretty cool.
The word is #WiLaBeDNA #rebelheart
Love the app but with the latest update, the pull down refresh feature never works on my HTC One. I have to go to another menu option, then back to stats for it to refresh. Frustrating to say the least!
Awesome!!!
Can't open dashboard, no disqus, no drafts from contributing authors. UI is good. Its quite stable but add more features into it.
It's hard to believe that one can create full-featured web content with such ease on a mobile device. Stunning piece of work, thanks guys.
Good app that does what it says.Works great for self hosted WP sites
I like
Great app if you like blogging
Finally starting to feel polished
Top app
Handy app to have. Works perfectly, no issues.
Not intuitive enough, I made couple of "mistakes" that got me headaches. First one, I started a post, and I wanted to save it, so I pressed the arrow in the up corner to acces next options, but that icon is a "paper airplane" that publish the post without even ask! Alright, first use... I search for something like post adjustments (oh, they were in the footer!), and changed the post to local draft. But it NEVER went to draft again in the blog!. Worst than that, I continued editing it, and the next time I accessed it, a message appeared, something like "the post is not updated, do you want to?" and I thought of course, upload the changes, but what it did was download the first draft (the published one) overwriting the last one so I completely lost ALL of my work. "Well, let's see the revisions..." but there's NOTHING like that. On top of all that, I searched the internet for help, and the only possible solution needed my device rooted before all this, and search some hidden directories, but it comes to happen that there are lots of people who doesn't even know what is to root an android device. ABSOLUTELY AWFUL!!!
This app is great, whether making a quick change on the fly or a full detailed post, every task is simple and achievable. Well almost every task.
Just looking at the difference between mine and my wife's, there is no option for the reader on mine but there is on the wife's. Both using Android, both up to date.  Also, when going to website from app it's all of a sudden starting warning about it being unsecured website which never usually happens.
Kindly bring the search bar on this app. So far its been a awesome app for me but a little improvement in the use of the search bar will go a long way. Thanks
Fabulous app, simple to use too :-)
This app has made it extremely simple to access my account, and to post my materials anywhere I go. Much simpler than blogging via computer
Very nice app to go along with my website.
Excellent - Actually Absolutely Priceless!
Installed free version on my Hp Google Chromebook 14 and on my Samsung G4.  I was allowed to post a draft but not publish.  Profile setup was wasy enough.  Posting pictures, ditto.  I believe that I would have to purchase an upgrade in order to publish.  $99 minimum upgrade.  Can't afford it right now. It will have to wait.
It's ok. Freezing a lot though. Maybe this update will fix the bugs.
Increased rating. This app has improved significantly the past year. Would like to see a list of previously used tags like you have for categories. Would like to see the ability to create and edit portfolios. When you add multiple images to a post, the spacing between them is inconsistent.  Posts take 1/2 the time now with app improvements; very pleased!
Nice
how about you create widget?
Awesome utility.
I would like to follow a specific blog with this app. Only way to search I can figure out is to give tags and hope it hits the blog you are looking for. So far no luck. Not impressed.
WordPress delivers, whether on the desktop, the 4G Android or the tablet/eBook reader. While I've used the desktop version for almost a year, I only recently began venturing onto the mobile scene, and was *shocked* to learn just how similar and feature-rich the Android port is. You can do almost anything on the mobile platform that you can on the desktop/laptop version, including reading, writing and learning. Thank you very much for your long-time support and aid in bringing mine and countless others' blogs to life, wherever we are, WordPress!
great app, no problem at all if u know what you are doing..
I can't access my blog via the app! Every time I select "Visit Site" I get an error message. I am able to access my blog online anywhere, including the same phone that has this appn with no problems. All of the other features on this app work except the "Visit Site" feature.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app but that hasn't helped. Please fix this. The app is useless if I can't see my blog on it.
Would not refresh. Still stuck on posts made two days ago even though I've made posts since then that are viewable on the WordPress website. Otherwise app works okay.
Still doesn't seem to let me upload more than one photo at a time to a post.
I don't really use it that often but it works pretty well. It's good for quick postings and photo uploads. If you are trying to use it as your first choice, prob not a good idea cause your might want to adjust the settings or plug ins might be a little wonky and that's not wp's fault, it's the proprietary companies that slice up the original wordpress cms.
Snappy performance, lots of features,  visually pleasing and low on memory! Good job devs!
Super handy
Its good
The WordPress app  has been dying for this update for so long. I love it!
Sorry Sir to fOr Contacting hEre I did nOt fOund any feedback Option in yOur website islamicbooks library. .. I need a BoOk    in urdu... plz Can yOu help me ?? I didn't found any where this boOk except Arabic language :'(... plz Can yOu help me ? If you wana replay me u Can use it alii.sher14@gmail.com
Love it
Starting to use It and so far pretty good
This app and software   tware is the best
I use weekly for my blog posts and it works great!
I love when I'm on the go that I can finish what I'm doing on the computer, an then take my tablet or droid and fix my blogs.
A few days ago my 'View Site' button stopped working. I now get a 'Webpage not Available' notification (both on my HTC OneX+ & on my LG GPad). If I try to open the page (by clicking on the globe icon, above the preview), I get a security warning. There's nothing actually wrong with my webpage, which continues to work. Any ideas re: fixing that? Such a great app, otherwise -would definitely recommend for blogging on the go...  Ps. Some more options (ie. aligning text) would be appreciated.
Excellent, need a search box in app for admin use in "comments" so they can be traced as they are able to do in the web based wordpress.
The new pull-to-refresh doesn't ever go away. Make it automatically hide as its annoying an in the way
Does everything you need to blog on the move
Satisfactory
After setup for double security login system for desktop, this app always ask to login by double security. Looks this WP mobile version doesn't support to this new system. Always failed to login. Again & again. Very dissapointed. Please fix this.
Add the option to edit custom posts please!!
I am asking the themes option on the menu... As i am the admin... If i can only have that option in dashboard in Pc then why  can't i get the THEME option in the app???or else say me how to access the option via the app. My mail id ankushdas9@gmail.com
Great app for when you're on the road and want or need to update your blog. All the essential tools are there and flawlessly implemented. Easy 5 stars. :-)
i am wordpress developer first time i visit this app and access my site admin panel on my device it's amazing app for wordpress user
I am new to WordPress and blogging in general and I find this app easy to use and very helpful. Keep up the good work!
Very thankfull
Fast and easy to use.
I've been using this for over a year and it works great.  I have at least a half dozen sites set up and done a variety of operations.  Very handy when away from the office.
No issues so far. Functionality is slightly limited, but you shouldn't want to manage a blog from your phone.
Nice  Lovelyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Application plzzzzzzzzzz download okkkkkkkkkkk.......
Love the company.
Add best functions..... Very Very Nice...............
Has caused the app to not work anymore. I am getting constant upload errors - used to work fine.
GREAT
Once you're used to this keyboard you won't be able to use another
Amd now the stats won't refresh, it's slow and buggy. Go back to the beginning guys.
The app is cool  But some option like firefox; Black background  white white text Is needed
There are no option to delete or modify multiple posts at same time
It does not want to go trough my self hosted blog what might be the problem ?
After last week's application update, my View Site link permanently displays 'website not found' so it's difficult to confirm the way the page looks after a mobile post/update.
Instead of my subscriptions, Reagee gives me a collection of blogs I dont care about.  unacceptably poor UI and navigation is a pain.
This app is a great platform for blogging even for newbies like me
The latest update causes html tags to appear when I edit a post. This occurs if I edit a post I've made via the app and posts I've made via web. Annoying to wade through.
As long as i got you : very usefull for amatir blogger like me
Works well so far.
makes me a dazzling blogger
Won't let me log in
Overall its not a bad app, but ever since the update my reader hasnt updated... i know theres new posts as ive visited their website (Yes they are followed).
Great Job right from my phone! Sweet!
I cant even log in, seems to be an issue for many. As someone who blogs to communicate with those back home this is very irritating.
I like this app bcoz of its user friendly interface easy to use free ad-ons & lots more.
paypal
Faster and way better. Like the update.
Keep improving!
Good app
great app! self hosted connected fine, check your settings and permissions
All previous versions worked fine with my self hosted install. Now it no longer works as tells me theres no network connection. I'm trying via wifi, 3g and 4g.  Edit - just updated to the latest version and it all works perfectly fine now. Can setup self hosted websites!!  Faantastic fix!
Good app overall, but many formatting changes (bold, italics, font colours, etc) don't show on my website once the post is uploaded.
Yo nice work .
If you just put some few options then it will be better than ever. Like Text justify options coloring text.
I can't upload media! No matter what I try, it just won't upload. Kinda defeats the purpose of being able to stay connected if I can't upload pics Plugin support is minimal to non existant too. Everything else is great. Using a Samsung Galaxy S4. Please fix!!
Great update
Can't upload media and many other shortcomings
Each upgrade improves the experience
why so simple :c
I use this app daily. I really enjoy it
Mangstaabb
I'd say Its a mistake for underating, love you WordPress
When using the reader, it doesn't load pictures from the post I wanna read...  what happened?  it wasn't like this before!? And no 'refesh' doesn't help either
Stats broken in last update
Daebak
Nice app. It makes productivity come easily. And the feedback has improved my blogging experience.
Its been great keeping track of posts from awesome writers I am following.
Big help on the go!
I was on a trip very far abroad for only 16 days and wanted a way to quickly upload photos for friends and family to see so I didn't have to resend the same photos 12x's. Well I'm embarrassed to have bothered providing them all with the link with only 2 days to account for. Here I am on the last day of the trip and was only able to upload 2 posts due to a "media data" issue. I looked up just about every relatable issue and tried troubleshooting for 14 days. No luck. What a waste of time.
Beats every other word processing UI on Android. Very functional and intuitive.
You still haven't added the edit profile features so I'm keeping my star.
Use it all the time. Very happy with it
Fulfill all my desire for writing
Good ux .. good app
Vice
wish it was easier to get new posts with text+images formated as easily as windows desktop version.
Love you guys! Keep it up
Amazing app update your website or page just through this mobile app, what else someone want?
This app makes it possible to update any number of WordPress blogs right from your phone. It has a minimized interface so you can't do everything you can do on the web, but its pretty good for every day posting and reviewing your content.
I use this app to access my blog for my English class and it's very useful.
Gr eat
One of the greatest blogging app! Blogging is never been easier!!!
WordPress is cool but tumblr is getting ahead ... this is more of a more professional blogging service
Ha mejorado, ya no me da error. He cambiado de Blogger a Wordpress y me encanta el cambio.
Perfect!
So I used to be able to at least tweet the pages on my site and I can't even do that now. I can only view stats now. Totally useless other than that.
Simple, elegant, free :)
Love it! Blog it!!
Updates looks more stable than the previous one... Keep going!
Update: issues corrected: ) I pour myself into creating a post, sometimes spending as much as an hour writing & editing, which means something to me.  In one click, (submit) its gone! I get an error saying my post failed to "upload" almost every single time now. The app has eaten about 15 of my blog posts in the past couple weeks with no way to recover them. Please Help?!
It's extremely useful when on the go. It would be useful to have the ability to add featured image to posts as well as font controls (size and color)
Tuyet
This application is Amazing. Its fun, fast, free... It allows you to connect with the world in a different view. This isn't Facebook, its blogging.. Where people social interact with you on a more intelligent level. No stupid memes, just posts of peoples thought, ideas, opinions, inventions, and what they care about the most at that times. More descriptive than twitters 140 characters and when your done for the day, you don't feel sad or depressed afterwards.. Gramature.WordPress.com
Great app
I love what you've done with this app. As brilliant as the platform itself.
I can't understand why would you create an apps that not meet the purpose? I cannot publish the the entry that I've been working for days. Without realised it wasn't sync with the desktop, I lost the draft. Stupid apps and waste my time type on my phone.
Love
Dat dus.
I use this app on my android tablet, running an older android build. Why is the tablet app better than this one? My biggest problem is that this app doesn't push comment notifications to my phone, which is one of the main reasons I got it! Galaxy S4
Great
I have a self hosted blog. Pics won't upload except as a link.  Frustrating when I am posting from a hospital
Now difficult to post to self-hosted blogs
Its good but i don't see a centre button for the time of writing
Nice
Oke
I have WP for my BlackBerry too and this Android one is also good but I have problem with the drafts. Or maybe it is just me getting used to a new UI. After I turned off my tab, the draft disappeared. That's all I'm complaining for. Other than that, the app is quite good. I enjoy using it especially if I am away feom my laptop.
Great app for the most part... simple and easy to use.  Have had very few problems, except be prepared to hunt when it comes to troubleshooting.  Finding help when you need it is a bit of a challenge.  And customizing the layout with photos from my tablet is impossible.  A serious bummer, really,  because Im travel blogging from the road and must use this app exclusively for set up and maintainance.  The "Drag and Drop" requirement to load local photos is impossible from a tablet :(
Will not connect
Nice!
Nice
The img src is not capturing the correct text when adding images. When manually editing the img url, it will even be a mess. Should be cool but if unfixed, useless after all.
Six from firmawirlandii.pl
Impressive
It's very very good
Great features
Daebak application
No matter which network I choose, simply can't log in to my account. Always same error "no network connectivity". Repair it and maybe will gave you 5 stars.
Okay
dont download this app.you wont post
Its good but not some option. Like....Customize theme and other.
I have to uninstall and reinstall every couple of weeks as the application doesn't process anything I like or comment on, or even approve. Otherwise it is great. Just annoying.
Cant log in even after changing the password to comply with new app and no resolution. Would love to give it another try if able to log in. Thanks
Be warned, if you have 2-step authentication enabled, you are going to have a hard time.  The app now continuously asks for an application-specific password despite generating one over and over again and being allowed to log in. When i log out, it asks yet again.  Useless.
Uninstalled bc of constantly force closing & freezing up my phone. Also, theres no guide or help on how to set up a blog, too many options & overwhelming.
Almost no lag makes the experience really worth it. Nice interface, but could use some features like searching for blogs from the app. Overall, easy and comfortable to use.
valo to valo nah!!!!!!
This app sucks it does not even let me enter into my account and the two step verication dun even Fucking work
Please try and include sticky post function in the next release
Trying to create a blog and you can't customize anything! Only allows you to post. Using it off my samsung s4 yet it keeps saying computer. Don't install. Rather use your computer.
Great app
Just installed this 5 minutes ago. I can access my WP thru the computer browser but when i use the same log in credentials in this app, it says incorrect details
I'm a great lover of the app for you and yours. I have a blog and I now have the application. I am positive that the app is going to be a huge boon to my ability to be more reliable than my computer system all the info I have a feeling that you are going to be able to get together with your products for free and keep them up to date. I personally love this application, thank you.
This is very useful for pretty much everything, it's so helpful if I want to quickly look at my blog stats or comments, and for typing out posts on the go
It is nice to have this when one is missing their laptop.  I would like to see more functionality and see it more in line with the wp site.  I would also like to see multi window compatibility with my note 3.
I have self hosted blog. Nice app for blogging from phone. Reader can be improved.
Love it..
Discripation
Can't find the f...ing publish button! Great that it's free but I'm not standing for snobby stupidity.
Great app save me a lot of time ......
Just not to fond of the way the blogging works. Will figure it out in time :)
Very useful app
It won't update so I can't use it to write posts on my new blog. It shows my old deleted blog though.  Shame.
I want to like this app. It would be great if it worked. Too bad it doesn't. I'm sick of wasting time trying to write posts, then it doesn't actually publish the post. And it deletes my work when I try to back out and figure out where I went wrong. This app sucks. The "post" button should publish the post. Period. But it doesn't! What the Hell good is that? I can't believe this amateur crap is associated with WordPress, the biggest blog platform. What a joke.
Really usefull tool for wordpress publishing on the go
Cant log in..
Bit of a bug with logging in, not very secure. I have 3wp accounts and no matter which login details I input wp takes me to whichever one it wants to. Eg. I input login details for wp1 it might take me to wp2 or 3. This happened on first use and also after i log out. Not good when they all have different passwords and usernames! Also can't seem to add photos from dropbox.
All I want to do is have one place to be able to read blogs from THREE people. That's all. One doesn't appear unless I search for the specific url every time and another won't appear at all- it's a private blog but was always available on my iOS the wordpress app. The last is fine but that's hardly a good success rate. I don't need all the advanced features, just a simple blog reader.
It's really useful when I don't have my laptop with me
i once created a draft post and it disappeared when i accessed the app again
In my blog I have a lot of comments, and with wordpress app it very hard to manage comments. It show me about 200 when in waiting list on PC 16.
My update notes is always in local draft status..or take couple days to PC model update. Using PC/Laptop login are much..much...better than using this apps.
Love this app. Thank you
I try to long in and it keeps  saying user and password do not match. It works on the main site. Why not on the app.
Good
The app currently is useless. It has million of bugs , posts are deleted even before they're posted.  Would not advice you to download
I liked it
I am not a frequent blogger. I take my time and ask friends to review through feed back requests. As far as I can tell that is not possible through the app. But the problem is there doesn't seem to be a guide for the icons on the app. So I accidentally published something before I was ready just trying to see what the options were with the app. So far, that makes my experience of it, not very good. If you just want to write and publish and check comments, it might be good for you. So far, for my purposes, I prefer using the website.
Love the App, and love   Wordpress even more.
I like that it's basic and easy to navigate. The side column contains all the buttons i need. Anyway, i never use the app for designing my blog, so it works out.
Please Add All Blog Publishing Icons
Yes
I agree w/ the no star rating on the update! I have made 3 posts via the app with no problem... I have been trying to publish a post for a week! I am in a country where I can't access a computer which is why I PAY for wordpress; great app reviews. I have spent hours everyday fighting with photo uploads... I have tried everything and have been sucked into a vortex of suckieness! Everytime I get close the app shuts down and I loose everything! Please fix asap!
I love using my word press account but it is one of the most difficult apps! It has errors regularly and deletes posts before they are even posted to the main site. It is discouraging me from wanting to use the android app and just blog from my laptop to avoid all the hassle. Even their help services are not much help in fixing the situation. It is definitely better to know what you're doing ahead of time or you'll feel the walls trying to keep you from this creative outlet.
Able to work on my blogs again
I'm not sure what everyone is fussing about but I love the app.  It's easy to navigate and everything's great.  I've had this app before and didn't have problems then either.  Great job.
I just tried using the app for the first time yesterday. I updated a post, working on it for over half an hour. Only to find out today that my edits were never posted to the actual site. When revisiting the app today what went wrong, it refreshed itself, causing me to lose all the changes I'd wanted to do. Annoying to say the least.   Not to mention that when I was editing the post through the app, there was bits of coding all over. Good thing I am familiar with HTML so it was less daunting.
Getting stuck :(
Not working for me.
I haven't found anything on the desktop version that I can't do on the mobile app. This is the way all apps should be.
Everything is pretty good but some problem in link nd pictures uploading otherwise perfect for bloggers.
I can write posts, see notifications, but it will not show comments! Aggravating!
Please fix this app. Nothing works. I am really in need of this app.
Rather than browser
Great app great gui. But it always fail to open blog inside the app otherwise great app.
This is a part of great work of anyone
App
Blogging is easy here :)
MY STATISTICS DO NOT CHANGE EVEN THO PEOPLE LIKE MY POSTS AND READ THEN
I would love to give this app no stars, instead of one. I have lost every single blog post that I have ever attempted to post through this app. There are so many errors, such as the menu options disappearing, especially if the blog post is over a few sentences long, thus forcing me to delete the content. It also won't allow me to copy the text so that I can save it.  This is a terrible, terrible app and I will never use it again. Uninstall.
Lebih membingungkan tapi keren
I can't seem to upload or create new blogs.
OlTwist NeWSpin
Sometimes it stops working :(
Perfect
But need the space on my phone
Needs more options!!
Well
Very good app. But more features should be add.
I have been following this site for a long time.  Always something interesting being said! !
It's functional for a few very basics. It won't show any of my posts, it can never "retrieve" my notifications & it logs me out constantly. I actually always use the browser in hopes for an update to this fairly frustrating app.
Possibly the worst update since Windows 8...
The install got stuck at 100% download and didn't complete it. I thought this would be helpful. But after the reviews I have seen I clearly doubt it
I love using Wordpress. It's a good app for everyone to use. If you are an inspiring writer or just someone who wants to blow of some steam this is the blog app for you For example; I post a daily diary & if I didn't then I think I would be content within myself. Great app *****
Good app
Last update error. Cant open the apps keep no respond.. whats happen?
@bawah saya, blognya banyak ya mas?, hehe...
very good. thanks
I like this app too much.
Can't log into my account. I can on a regular computer but not through the app.
Thanks
Sound good ill  try it
Jhakkkkkkkaaaassss
Great app.
Nce
Blogger for google is even better,I dont know why I even moved my blog to wordpress,every update is 3 times worse than the last.  I try posting and it wont post,I will try countless times to no avail.
Can't post photos and the layout is unnecessarily confusing.
Helps me to note down my thoughts on the go. Thanks wordpress.
I tried it in the past and posting images wasn't possible. I tried it again with my new phone and now basic formatting doesn't even work for fonts. Fail.
Just as I wanted....
The text works just fine but the new version will not let me upload photos and app doesn't fit to my screen.
Thanks :)
Great app!
I m not able to download it... getting stuck at 1.93 mb 43% ... tried restarting... still same... please do the necessary...
I always get "unable to retrieve this comment" after getting a notification about a pending comment. I can't approve them. Moderating comments is exactly what you want to be able to do on your smartphone, but this app has been "unable" to do that for at least a year i think. I love everything wordpress and automattic, so a bit surprised and hoping for change. Galaxy S3.
Needs some work.
Love this soon. Can blog from my phone!?!? How awesome is that?!?! 
I love blogging with wordpress.
No app should be underestimated
Notifications are very scattered, some comments load as comments I've had from days ago while others won't load at all. I could write better code for an app like this.
But very stable and good
Doesn't have all the functionality of the website. Very basic version of the site.
Wonderful even though initially I rated this app as crap because it simply gave me too many probe logging in via my android smartphone. The TEAM at Wordpress though persevered in helping me, especially Dan (if you need the name of the guy who worked it out). So great app, but I guess you still need to be guided through it. WONDERFUL once it gets working.
Please add an option of uploading songs to your blog.
No. Comment
I lost a lot of entries thanks a lot
Nexus 4 running kitkat - cannot upload posts. App stops and does not upload, post saved as draft.
When writing semi long posts, it starts to get very slow on my Galaxy S4. Also it would be a great benefit to have a black background so writing didn't kill my battery so fast. Otherwise very useful to be able to write offline, thanks!
Great app love dis
The feature set of this app is spread out all over the place, implementing some basic features and some advanced features. I'd rather have all the basic features and no advanced features! I mean, how hard is it to implement lists in the visual editor?
Learning WordPress is a nightmare and the app isn't any more user friendly. Also, I hate how you can't delete your account. The help forums are all outdated because they don't match the actual site or app. I think I'll stick with Tumblr for my blog.
I love love love this app before the update. Once upated, I cant post anything. It says error occurred...
Really like this application saves me so much time. Can edit post on the fly. Sweet
It's worth my time!
Great app, now I can view my presses. Say, how about adding some embedded-video-watching capabilities to this app? It'd be great!
A great and highly recommended application. Very easy to use. Everything is simple and all important aspects are included.
Attractive and stable but when I use spelling correction it crashes so I have to change it manually, no major issue but annoying.
All of a sudden I am unable to post anything? :&lt; it always says 'an error occurred' now when I try to post on my phone :/
Just what I was looking for
I like to turn the heat off at home when I'm out for more than an hour.  This app lets me turn it back up while on the road so I arrive to a warm house! Perfect. Wow.  This review was for my NEST app....not sure why it show up on the WordPress app?
The official Wordpress app works nicely and has a native Android interface.  Works very well!
I've only had my blog for a month and the procedure for publishing be posts: is a simple as using a word processor. For the first time blogger this is a great choice. It allows you to move on to a full sites once you reached levels that advertisers want toput ads on your site on your blog. But there are limitations wifi free version including not being able to post videos, so getting news followers is more difficult. The upgrade is $99 , I think pretty steep.
Mostly this app looks and works great, and makes accessing my WordPress blog on the go easy and smooth. There's just one strange and glaring oversight... When you go to view posts, there's no way to view only drafts, etc. this can make finding old draft posts that haven't been published yet... Difficult would be a kind way to say it.
But, can be improved. Features of the website can be added.
Its cool nd lovely
For the PRO bloggers
Latest version is really good.  The only thing is that your own blog will not show featured images for posts or gravatar/profile thumbnail unless your site is on Wordpress.com. It doesn't work with self-hosted, even with Jetpack installed.
Have to manually click back and forth between Today and Yesterday to force refresh
Logging into multiple accounts works now. This is now the best blogging app & blog site. I've tried all the rest and none have even a third of these features.
Really an awesome app!
Won't refresh posts. Keeps saying error. I signed out and everything. Even installed it again. It worked fine before. But now it's frustrating.
Walau belum login
notifications are broken - most of the time they point to the wrong ones. very frustrating.
A nice app but it does have a few faults
Wordpress users must. Helpful for mobile posting, replying comments and whatnots. Interface is neither clunky nor intuitive, hoping for betterment in the future.
I've written so many articles on my mobile. Probably wouldn't have done it if it wasn't so easy to access my blog from my phone. Many thanks!
3 updates in last 28hrs WHY
Up until the latest version, This was a functional but feature-limited WordPress app, good for a quick draft or to authorise a comment.   However, the latest version now presents a "There is no network available" message and does not appear to recognise a Wifi or mobile data connection (Nexus 5, factory 4.4.2).   Has been rated accordingly.
If you have a WordPress site, this app is for you.
Great for quickly adding a post, easy to use & share links to your blog. I love it!
Very convenient to update blog anywhere
Actually, I use it a lot to post on my blog. Sure, it is mainly the Web version, but it is still useful
It'll be better if it's woocommerce compatible.
I sign into my account and none of my posts or anything load.
Nice and smooth.
I couldn't even edit drafts on my Samsung 10.1 Tablet 2014 edition. What's the point in something that only works on a fraction of devices? Revised view to 2 stars as I can edit in html. Takes a while to navigate from preview to publish. Still has good analytics for free.
Love it. Awesome app
WTF?
Great app and awesome technical support.
Great to be able to add content when inspiration strikes and tidy up via the desktop.
Great for on the go, travel
Gud for me it works
O.k
i would like to have this as my personal choice for keeping a blog! but this is not the same wordpress as i had before. cant link direct to facebook anymore and worst, the header or my dashboard doesnt appear in my facebook when i tried linking it through the web
need some changes...
The most ridiculous and non-functional app I've ever seen. There are so many bags I cannot even name! I cannot upload any photo, the scale of new post creation page is over sized that I can't see all the options. The navigation is enormously vague. I don't see comments I've made and blogs I follow. Finally the app crashes all the time. Well... The raw job. It's irritating.
Speak and be heard loudly ?
Overall, the app has come a long ways. I just wish the dashboard could be accessed easily, without going through so many menus. What happened to the button for quick access?
I love the app but I don't like how you see the post in html tag version as you are editing it.  I would like to have the option to switch between normal view and html tag view. Other than that it would be 5 stars.
Everytime I post a picture from the Android app it never shows up in the post. It always makes a box with the word "image" instead of the picture. What's the deal?
I am only using it for coment moderation. And i am not able to rply to coment on self hosted site. Plz fix it
The UI update was a long time coming...  Still no option to hide the stats section that is useless to self hosted sites.  Dashboard is just the web version?  Wth?  Media section displays blurry thumbs.  Doesn't seem to have been tested out before releasing.  Editing pages/posts is a terrible experience. Offers nothing for the seasoned users.
Won't let me connect to Facebook. Have to click on gmail link to get to the Facebook one. Then when I get there the page is all messed up. Nowhere to sign in at. Dumb. Fix or I will delete.... Still sucks
Very handy and highly recommend
not sure why but it will not let me log into my word press account. I've tried on multiple occasions and still the same problem, yet I can log in online just fine its just a app that wont let me log on. Please please please help!
Need to be able to set a featured image like you can on the web
Android app is pretty annoying, keeps saying my facebook isnt logged in to share my posts, then wont allow me to log in, the screen doesnt fit and cant click on anything properly its like a webpage trying to be viewed in a phone and it makes my bloggibg life very tedious on the go
I enjoy using this site to keep my thoughts organized.   I write several blogs focused on beauty industry and a person parenting page for my son.  The set up is great most of my writing is done from tablet, works great for what I do.
blogging a breeze. Nexus 4 or 7, or PC, it's all good :-)
Within defined intervals, there can be routine push notifications about visitor stats. Overall it is good. Search for tags can be improved.
Really useful for those times when your on the move and want to manage your blogs.
Great app
As far is look good but is it possible to edit our posting which was very old post ? For example I can edit my recent post on "post menu" but how about post in 2013 or later?  Please add feature : search post that we have posted and a simple feature to edit it...  just one more.  In my top post and pages if we click it we can't edit it but just open it via site.  I just wanna edit pleaseeee
Good
Very nice
But having WYSIWYG editing would be cooler :)
I use this on my Galaxy Note Tablet and Galaxy S2 phone. It gets the basics done in a jiffy and I like being able to easily shift between my numerous blogs.  Nothing fancy like ecommerce posts or event posts,  but the browser interface has become more usable for those features on the go.  I would suggest the ability to set a featured image though.
Version 2.6.1 is giving some errors. "An error occurred" is the display message, but is working fine.   -Feature article is missing
Love it!
If you use Android and you recently completed an Android update, I am finding that I need to uninstall and then reinstall many of my apps, including WordPress.  Annoying, but afterwards they work fine.
I am not prepared to sign up just to read WordPress articles. UNINSTALL!
Excellent app for blogging
Goooood excellent
User friendly
:))))
Love editing my site on my tablet!
The WordPress app appears to be glitching and wont pictures shared to it straight from the gallery. It's exhibiting other problems as well.
Wont download past 43% any time I try. Have enough space on phone for it. Very frustrating.
Simple to use, links all my blogs at once, and loads quickly!
Used to be a great tool to quickly manage multiple sites. Now one has to logout-login to change between sites. DUH!
I really would like to start using WordPress as my primary blog site.  However the app is very non functional.  It's too complicated to do simple tasks such as editing your page and uploading pictures.  Please fix the bugs.  Thanks
Worst frickin' blog program I HAVE EVER SEEN! I have traveled around the world and blogged about my travels with this &@#$* program and it does not perform as advertised, especially on Android OS. Yesterday, I lost 3 hours of work due to your NON-INTUITIVE save and draft view features. Coupled with the program not-responding 2-3 times, I was very frustrated using this POS program. Quite frankly, the developer should shoot himself. Ha. I wish . . . Thanks Wordpress for absolutely nothing.
Excelenta pentru acces mai rapid la site :)
Slightly limited functionality on tablet, but easy to use on the go.
This app is fantastic, but I'd quite like to see more features. Theme and Plugin management, user management even ... I know I can do that on the site but it would be nice. And a bbPress app would be fantastic too! I can't find one in the Play Store.
Seems to work so far :-)
Great Great always.
I've just published my 22nd post, but it doesn't seem to have gone through, although it does say it has. Am I missing something? Do I need to upgrade at this point?
Compare to comp It has no User...for me to send an invitation to my friend... this app is very slow.. the themes..in comp can edit the menu bar...but this.....app sucks this app is good, but it is needed to be fix  I think ill just use the wordpress in my net. :((
good and nice ap
Interesting that after being told they could not reproduce my problem that the NEXT new update fixed the said problem ... still at least it is usable again... :)
Created with the user in mind
The last update was great, but still cant search for blog names, just tags. Whats up with that????
Absolutely happy this is finally available for sites, however functionality best serves for blogging. I'm a vendor, with an ecommerce based site, and need a method to control inventory while on the go!
After changing my password.   So far it is working well!   I don't recommend trying to do anything with one's theme through the app, though.
Post categories does not seperate
Hi, Version 2.6 has a bug. Post only works if have opened up the app before sharing. Thanks. God bless. Aaron
Apiiiik tenan
Check out my short story BLOG
It does what our says on the tin however in the latest version of WordPress the dashboard was made responsive and mobile friendly and I don't feel the app matches this or lives up to this standard.
But could be better
Easy and comfortable for publishing short posts.
A must-have for managing your site on the go.
Only recently started using this application after a suggestion from a friend.  Glad I took there advice.  Great way to start blogging or keep all your favourite sites in one place.
The words make me more smarterer.  :D
Version 2.6.1 seems to have fixed the upload error issue. Thanks for the quick response!  I'm still unimpressed with the changes to the interface but I can live with that.  Original review: SGS III with Android 4.3. Uploading a post from my phone since the update results in an error notification 80% of the time. And yes I am logged in to my Wordpress account,  Also, the new interface requires more steps just to send a simple post as the post settings have been moved to a separate page for no apparent reason.
Best word press
The app is ok but not brilliant. I can use it to moderate comments but don't bother doing much else via the app. Having a Samsung Note2, it's easier to use Chrome to do what I need.
Simple & efficient :)
Easy to Use and Handle. Update Made Great Improvements.... Thank You Team:-)
Since the latest update, I'm not getting any stats, everything is 0! Please fix it
Nice app from wp. I use wp for all my blogs.
Doesn't matter where you use it, phone, tablet, computer...it's a wonderful way to blog! Thanks for the awesome work.
Allows me to update my blog on the go
Ok love
Any chance we can see offline caching of our websites?
Having comment issues.
A wonderful way to express through writing
This app is getting better and better, kudos to the entire team for the website and the app. Thank you!
Since I last updated the app I can no longer add pics or compose and send a post without getting an upload error message.   It really ia not good enough. I run a successful blog but am finding it harder and harder to do . Please fix this issue. Others have mentioned it so please reply.
I like almost everything about it! I just wish it's easier to link the account to Facebook and Twitter..
Seriously this I'd second time in a week, and after ya'll were doing so great for 2 months.
Good app, but should add an option to change permalink of articles, Thank You
It doesn't even deserve the first star. Posts can't be retrieved,  can't even publish a new one. Pathrtic.
It had a problem uploading my work
I spent hours to write a post  but when I pressed the publish post button  , it showed an error saying failed to upload post . The latest update sucks  :/
I love it
sorry,an error occurred while uploading the post iiiegal character(d83d)
Very simple but powerful
Every time I open the app it makes me login even if I have the keep me signed in box checked. Please fix
Reply on comment doesn't work at all. From the last update app became useless!
This app sucks. It won't update any of my posts even if I have wifi also won't post my posts. This app is a waste of time.
After the update I can't see the blogs I follow. Fix and I give a 4  The developer asked if I signed out and back in.  I did several times but it's honestly easier to navigate the site through my browser.
Very creative app.
I'm a student and this is an excellent way to get ones name out! Pen names are my current trends. You could literally post about anything as there's so much going on in the world. so excited and thank you and bless you.  I lost my years worth of work and found you guys which was a success and been generating pretty good reviews as of far. Thank you for allowing me to develop my voice as a writer and being blessed enough to submit an application, have potential,  have a novel coming out in July. Ty
Wont upload any photos!!!
Since updating the app, it had failed to work. It won't post and refuses to load any media.
I wonder if it can update itself automatically and quicker
very nice app...we can easily use wordpress via this app thank you
im loving it:-):-):-)
This no longer works with self hosted sites using latest version of WordPress.
My experience of using it for a year now is not good. In defense of this application the competition is so dreadfully bad it stands out as the least useless of the android blogging applications.  The mix of html and WYSIWYG is baffling. I've been unable to use it for a while now because a bug was introduced that means I receive a 'cannot serialize null' error message when uploading posts because the jpg file extension is in upper case. Workaround is to change filename extension to lowercase. Paf.
This app is easy to use and there is no issues at all.
Usefull app for wp users
I loved using the WordPress App. But the last update is a failure. So I now revert to using the Web application in my browser. On my phone!!!
Thanks wp!
Just like the website, some settings don't save which is frustrating and annoying. Also, an easier way to search for blogs to follow by name and an easy way to access a list of followed blogs would also be nice.
Nice apps
more than site but difficult to use option if edit the site
good app
These guys exactly knows about products that we feel required and useful.
Please check it witch blue box
No network available error..!!
Just sometimes it doesn't automaticly refresh, spesially for the stat page
WordPress is the best blogging and CMS foundation
La portati alboque picasanor bilauck gvithufk zecklepartor mzuminggi la wordpresse butiking walabella!!! Beste everre applikasionalle ai havee installink ttu maiy phonnee!!!
had many great features that worked, like dashboard of your site.  What happened?  The dashboard was awesome. Now it's just another 'post to your blog' app
I was logged out from WordPress app and now I can't find any of my blogs. I was on my account and now it wont show the ones I've been doing from the past week.
Posts don't upload or sync. Notifications dissapear. Screen doesn't scroll in preview mode. Please fix!
Superb and amazing
I've been a blogger on wordpress since 2008 and i'm helped a lot by wordpress for android. everything was fine until I found a half of my post were gone after i edit the title. is it an automatic system or maybe my phone was wrong? please fix it, i just need to change the title, not to re-post again. but sincerely, i'm your fan. thank you, wordpress!!!^^
I'm starting to think about the features and functionality of your apps and sites???????
Awesome app with the best UI ever ... Thank you very much
gosh it's too complicated 4 me, I just can't figure out how to write my own, being told to add blah..blah
Really, really basic. Making authoring posts on mobile cumbersome. I'd like to see advanced features on it. Oh, also, whenever I click on Edit post, it present me the post in HTML. What the effing fish? Why can't I edit in WYSIWYG?
Completly useless
My favorite...
It won't even publish simple text posts without refreshing several times.
Do what is supposed to do.
Before the update when I pressed 'View Site' it would show me my blogs, but since the update it won't refresh notifications, won't let me view my blogs also reader will not work as well.  The only thing good about the new update is the appearance...
Easier to use. Just when we try to edit the post we must edit it thru html coding.
I get a weird post upload failed error and as a result lose my local drafts. This is frustrating since I don't have a backup. Really can't use this app anymore.
after the last update, every try to publish a post results in 'upload failed' and worse is that even no local draft remains. all  the is lost. PLEASE FIX IT!
While it was downloading I read the reviews and saw how bad this app is omg! On my way to uninstall Can't get there fast enough! I like WordPress I'm keeping that, but until I read more good reviews than bad, I will do without this accompanying app.  Thanks for the heads up everyone! I'm giving it 3 stars on the premise that the developers WILL be fixing the glitches "! At that time I will upgrade. If they never fix it, I will lower it to one star.
Keeps telling me the images are too big to be uploaded. Images are &lt;500KB :(
Since the update, it keeps shutting down and won't let me post.  My post are time sensitive so I'm very disappointed in this app, now I have to rewrite everything.  Do Better!
the good work (please)!
I want to close copying on my blog. How can i do that? Is that possible? Please, i need help.
Might as well use the web browser interface on my phone or tablet as try to use this app.
I can not upload videos! How do you do that?
Ma
This app is not great. Everytime i go to post it takes forever what kind of a joke r u  ppl running here how do u evet expect someonw to actually pay for an upgrade when the simplest thing like loading a blog doesnt fukin work? Needs alot of work this is  pathetic
For all my random thoughts it's perfect!
I've had to totally erase my old review and and a 5 star review for the February 2nd update. I was having a few issues with the December 6 update in the photo department which was solved in the new system for media, thank you. I really do like how the reader doesn't automatically update because I am away from signal at times and like the fact that they are loaded on my phone now. Galaxy s4
Every so often features stop working, the only workaround I've found is to delete it and reinstall it. Not fatal, but annoying.
Recomand orcui are nevoie de o informatie de valoare
Bleh! Can't even upload a post with picture on it. Says "failure..blah..blah..blah" And the media section can't even upload a thing.
Hello! Please fix this app. I've been getting the system message: Post Upload Failed: Sorry, an error offered while uploading the Post. Illegal character (d83d)  Thank you!
What does that mean?! I used to blog every other day on my phone and lately all I get is an error message.   "An error occurred while uploading media. Cannot serialize null."  How do I fix this?
terrible update.I can't even upload my post with photos
nthg to say abt it!!
I like it just fine,however,there is no pinterest share button....why? Add it and you will get better rate...
Docela se hodi na cestach nebo ve skole, akorat by to chtelo aby zde byla nastenka
Very handy to post using mobile devices Thanks
On a number of occasions I have tried to publish drafts from Android Wordpress and nothing happens. Then, when you try to exit the draft and save, it says "There is a local version of this draft. Are you sure you want to sync this?" (or words to that effect). I thought that 'local' meant 'on my tablet' - it didn't, and I lost thousands of words of a draft post. I would recommend drafting posts in a word app and then (and only then) moving it into Wordpress. This app is too unstable and with poorly worded instructions to rely upon as a fully working and secure text generation app. I have left support requests with Wordpress (10 hours now and no reply).
Keep getting errors when uploading media, app does not run smoothly anymore. Hoping for a better update asap
Very simple interface. Quite fast. Takes much time at login.
This would actually be quite a useful tool if there were a way to change the default setting to save as draft instead of publish. I've only used it a couple of weeks and have accidentally published posts several times in that time.  Embarrassing and shoddy engineering.
Many things & plugins are not working even i am not able to visit my own page through this app. Need proper updates...
.....
Wow
Spelling check
Wrote a whole post: the app can't upload it, it just sits there as a local draft. Can't access stats, or update the blog in any way. Tried to ask the developers for assistance: no response. Terrible.
Always force close.
I love the app...
Great
I'm going to start using E-Blogger. WordPress is completely impossible; I've spent hours trying to make it work on several different occasions. The site says that I still have %99.6 of upload space, but won't upload whether I use the app or the website, even if I make my photos much smaller. Sorry, but blogging without pictures is completely useless for me. I would pay for a space if I had used it all, because I understand that a good service can't be free, but this isn't good service. I don't even have room to type all the problems I've had with this app. I would not recommend this app to anyone.
Nice integration, multiple sites administration ...
Cool
Very nice app.
Great application
Please fix this problem so I can write my blog! I wrote a long post, now I keep getting an error saying I can't upload it because I have the wrong username or password... but I don't. Every time I re-login I get the same issue. People are bugging me to make new posts but I can't post them! Otherwise I love the app except for the way the cursor jumps around when I try to mess with the font. Edit: after reading other posts and the responces to them, I now see this app has become obsolete... try to win us back
I cannot refresh any stat or notifications and since today I cannot even refresh the reader. What is going on??? Extremely frustrated.  I use a samsung G3.
Beautiful.
Great!!!!
Help a lot when being mobile
Is it me, or is this version less functional than its predecessors? I can't get draft posts to sync, for one.
The previous version showed notifications as soon as there was comment on my blog. This version, in spite of checking the options, does nothing as such.  Please suggest what to do about it ...  PS- works great now
The app is great but I cannot set featured images or use my third party plugins like seo by yoast. Please add that ability and the app is a 5 star
Just share..
Almost perfect..if you could make everything work on mobile just like on the web.would be nice
Very usefull
In July 2013 I lowered my score to 2 stars, now I am lowering it to 1. Every redesign removes utility. I do a lot of work from my phone, and I don't always have connectivity to access the full site via my browser, like I was told to do last time I complained about utility loss.   Also, as of Feb 2014, the app fails to upload any new posts or changes. It is completely nonfunctional.
it was a great app, but updates have made it nearly unusable
Perfect for editing on the go!
Good as in its nice to know the moment someone comments or likes your post
Latest update fixed admin button issues, but view admin link in settings takes you to wp-login.php instead of wp-admin.php. Broken for me.
Love it!
Love checking in on the go!
Excellent.
Comment editing was of the main uses of this app. I'm not sure why the new version eliminates this capability.
Excelente aplicacion
Great app
Worked fine. Upgrade. Now I can't post. Very very unhappy.
Can only have one user active with multiple wordpress hosted blogs.  It also struggles to show self hosted blog along with WP hosted ones. Otherwise it works really well.
Love it
Nice apps to monitor my blogs
Good app
Awesome
This works well if you just need to do very basic updates and limited formatting. However it is missing basic formatting commands (or they are hidden so that I can't find them) to justify text. So I end up doing a two step process, enter the text I want on my tablet then have to go to the PC to format it correctly.   Overall it does what it needs but little more.
Wish you hadn't changed the way the post is written. Took me a while to get back to set post preferences. It was much better before - why change a good thing?
editing posts is difficult to scroll paragraphs without scrolling page - this results in whole paragraphs inaccessible to edit. FRUSTRATING. Nice interface but please address this issue.
Excellent
The update made everything better. The reader is more similar to the website thus giving the app a much cleaner look. The addition of the follow button on posts is great. If I could search for blogs as well, I'd give the app five stars, but until then- four.
Problem (I can't download it.) Solved.
it's very easy to use and not complicated. i really love this app. hope it wont change :)  love the UI of the new update :)
Great app
This is good compare to blogger which is not available in my country. This is my only option.
I initially liked the app until I ran into error code 83 illegal operation. I was unable to publish drafts I'd written. Luckily I'd emailed them to myself and was able to publish once I accessed via my desktop. That is still occurring as of 1/31/14 so I'm not certain I'll use mobile any longer unless it's the android that's the issue. I'll try on the iPad and compare
9ce enjoy it
I love this with all my heart and soul. A special thanks to all the  creative developers!  my blogging experience is smooth user friendly and superbly wonderful! **kiss kiss** Dawnasong Galaxy note3
I always encounter media uploading error. Only in this new version. Please fix ASAP
Sukaaa!
Super fast and nice app Thanq
Just love it, simply fast and easy interface
Won't let me log in now: keeps telling me that either my username or password are wrong. They aren't though...
Love it!
Best blogging platform and app
I used to stay away from WP app in the past as it was crudely written and totally user-unfriendly. I've decided to try again after a few years, and I was totally blown away by how sleek and efficient, and most importantly, how easy everything is now. Thumbs up to WP for the app revamp!
Superb
WordPress offers the best mobile publishing app for Android that you will find. The UI is sleek yet bold, impressive yet minimalistic, shy yet incredible.
Working fine..
I can rate books and comments with littlt effort
Nice, work gr8
Easy to use to access your blog.
I just cant get enough of WP
A pretty good app. It does what you need it to do. It has a couple of errors sometimes when uploading photos in my blog and when I view my website within app. The menu always appears and can't get rid of it when viewing. Very annoying. Overall good app though.
Easy to post and navigate, but would be nice if it supported custom post types.
superb
Thought it would be good to work on my page that I have hostes on WordPress,  but cant. Wish I could. Will there be an update for this feature later? If so please let me know.
I just love this app using on my Samsung Galaxy S4.
Thanks for this and the updates.  Looking forward to new features and improvements.
App doesn't handles the Two step authentication factor.  And there's no option to generate an app specific password from Mobile site. Neither the DESKTOP site opens from any browser. #Fail
Good thing is the intended.
Great app, very useful for updating my blog and viewing stats on the run	I haven't used the app for its other features, but the posting and stats features work well
I'm new to wp and finding it a little confusing, this app helps a great deal, easy, clean to use.
New
pretty cool for mobile
I own a company that uses WP as a platform to build our websites. If this is you, then you'll need this app.
I enjoy using WordPress to keep up with the blog's I follow.
Won't move mobile post from local draft to publish status if a photo us included.   Stinks.
Goodone
I was just able to posts blogs from my Note 2 on the 16th of January,  as of last night I am unable to post from my phone as I keep getting the error. Was working fine before my phone updated. Seriously frustrating.
Saya suka
Tnx.
As you guys grow, so does my confidence. Every time you guys start to fall behind a little I know It won't be too long before  you're up there back In pole position again Go team!
Would like to be able to upload videos without upgrading to a plugin called "videopress"
Crashes for no reason
This app doesn't work when two step verification is enabled on a self-hosted WordPress blog.
I've tried many times to use this app and each time it gives me incorrect login. I know my details are correct!
Excellent...
Excellent
UI is smoot but the view site takes a lot of time to load
I have friends that have a blog that I want to follow but I can't find a way to look for them in the app. Is there a search bar that I don't know about.
I think this is awesome having the whole WordPress interface simplified
This seems like a fine little app which will be handy when I'm on the go!
I can't access my self-hosted blog from this app.:(
It won't let me upload posts from my phone. but sure why.
Very cool to manage website from phone.  I manage several WordPress sites for other people.  I'll get a call that there is a spelling error and I can fix it right away from my phone.
This app is very good for quick blogging but but upto 2 blogs view admin option for second blog say 403 forbidden
If it has a dark theme on the app.. it would be perfect.. due my OLED screen. Which consume more power on white theme..
Clunky multisite handling, but worse: Edit a pre-existing "draft" post, back button, hit save, and for some stupid reason the new edits are saved locally to your Android device NOT to your blog. Painful lesson, sloppy design.
Good
Good
Works like charm
I super like this WordPress mobile app. I can view my blog anytime and it keeps me posted!
In the iOS versions you can change the themes. Looks like this app hasn't been updated for a while now.
does it work with android 2.3 ?
Lovely
Gooooooddddddd
Best Pressing!!...
The stats page was fine in the previous release. This release, for some reason, omits important Search Terms and Top Posts data.    Update 23 Jan 2014: The stats page was fixed promptly. Better still, the ability to manage media files has been added. Kudos to the programmer(s)!
Absolutely awesome!
Very niiiiiicce!!!!!
I use this app to connect with few of my blogs. Easy to use and very smart way to blog. Thanks Automattic.
Very bad
I can update my blog everyday use this app.. Thanks :)
great apps
Thanks to u guys..!! Bt needs imprvmnt
I can blog easier. Nice
My stats are never correct and uptodate. Which is annoying. But content shows up nice.
Made a short post and it gott cut off and could edit the bottom half. Had to get on a actual computer to edit it.
This is app is really good!
Great
Love the app; it would be even better if the default upload was set to Draft rather than Publish.
I like it.
Very niceeeeeeeeeee..................
Very buttyfull apps
I can't get this to connect. Invalid password. Self hosted...
Great app. Has some little bugs, but it is doesn't matter
I like this as I'm not home yet and I posted my blog.
Sucks! This app won't do anything! No matter what I try to do. It just sits there on my phone looking up at me....meh....
App is great but wordpress aint for me. I dont like the user interface of wordpress. Its quite unfriendly.  Uninstalling this App because i dont have a need of this now.
I cant upload posts with the app. Ive tried it with two blogs and both were failed to upload posts. It says error in header or something like that.
Hug
its quite difficult to handle
Its always worked perfectly for me until today. It says the server has malfunctioned. And it isnt working anymore. Galaxy SIII.
I try it
Cool
the blogging gets a android thing with this :-D
EXTREMELY poor! A shame.  How about center and justify paragraph? Change post address? Open links in new window? A decent editor for the posts? Add images from Google Drive? Basic features are missing here. Poor, POOR app. Disappoint. And there are bugs. Many times I cannot see recent comments and posts.
I take lots of pics using my phone and this app is helpful so I can just write my blog from the same device than transferring over to laptop. Love love love!
I previously gave this app 1/5 as it wouldn't upload posts from my moto g. Since the android update that problem has been resolved. But now the app sometimes loses the last things I did, so they don't get published with my posts. Things like the last paragraph, the category I assigned or a photo I uploaded. So it gets frustrating still.
I gave 5 star
Good but needs work
Its even worse than blogger! Cant even publish posts, error occuring all the time.. Doesn't even refresh posts....what is this
Everytime I try to do something, anything at all, it crashes. PLEASE FIX
thanks too
Hii
Bane
Wordpress number one
Great but your interface is not satisfactory.
Great app. Does what I need. Anytime and anywhere.  Only downside would like a list of used tags so I dont have to try and remember what I have.
It's very good hehe..
VERY GOOD AND THANKS.
It takes more than a bit to get me this frustrated. I tried and tried to build my blog, user name taken. Okay, change the name, it goes back to the original name I submitted. I have deleted and reinstalled twice with no success. This is on a Note 3 so I think it should handle this, what is wrong with this app, should I apply on my computer and then add the app?  Still no response from Developer after numerous emails, is anyone else having issues where it logs you continuously and any posts end up in draft?
theres not enough categories. I like to learn about religion but theres no option for that.  Also, I cant see any search option. This app needs to be abit more simple for beginners.
I have installe this app and i could not even register, i have tryed many diferent user names and p.w including the ones the app suggested  and still shows the message  ( this username and password already exists) . in my opinion is a cheap constructed app .
Totally amazing
I'm satisfied on it. It is very useful apps.
good
4!rurruegrgxEhcthd6cx5&  
I have write a long story and attach the image. When i upload, it said couldn't load image. Has it been moved or deleted? While actually i'm not doing anything with the image.
Is nice app especially for editing posts
Download stuck at 40% :/
Can't log in for my self hosted sure.
Ok bleh la
I switched over to a self-hosted WP blog, and now the app barely functions for me. I was getting notifications for new comments, though the notification pane said it was not available, but now I've stopped getting notified when someone comments altogether. I deleted and re-added my blog, and still no notifications.
Nice
Poor ...............rubies app. Data useless ho gaya.
Good
This is a nice app, works really well. However, I'd like to be able to filter my posts. Draft, published, pending. And perhaps a search feature. I have too many drafts, so it's a pain in the butt to scroll!
It keeps freezing up, and really difficult to navigate now. I liked the simplicity of the app previously, now I have no idea where to find what I need. And cannot upload pictures as it freezes up.
Lovely
Its a nice app for mobile blogging.
Going after my goals with WordPress,  super support and very professional company!
Great app.
Won't renew the list of blogs so can only read old posts.
A
Grt
Excellent.
Good app!
Won't let me move on after typing in info to create a blog.
Awesome app
Awesome to manage multiple self hosted blogs.
I gave this app 4 out of 5 stars, now I have to drop one because I can't upload pictures on my tablet.  I need to upload pictures so that I can post them.  Not happy right now!
Slow, and crashes every time I try and do a new post
good
You must get this app if you press. Access to comments, posts, back end of your blog, as well as the WordPress community. It takes a few times to get used to it, but it gets easier every time. Well worth the free download.
Good
Can't access appearance options. Unintuitive to use. Clunky. Needs an overhaul.
I can't upload my post from android. Keep getting tbhe same error msg unidentified characters....	I can't upload my post from android. Keep getting tbhe same error msg unidentified characters....
So helpful when I'm mobile!
Bal
Great App!!!
Aked raw3a
,    
Need I say any more
Must have app for bloggers
nothing to complain about:).
Should make it easier to view other bloggers blogs
WorldPress gives you a link to reach the world. Join us at WorldPress if you want to feel the Da cool breeze of Peace.
I am unable to view my statistics. Does not show any value. Could you please fix
Had a WordPress blog forever, loved it when I could put it on my phone. Practical, heaps of adjustments, easy to navigate and set up, just very functional.
Something so basic is still not  supported in this app after all of this time? Epic epic fail.
Brilliant
Awesome
 
Time to blog..
It's working, but the problem is when I view it on PC, the paragraph format following mobile format and it's not beautiful..  Please fix it.. then I'll give 5 star again..
Sosim aps
Y
Manpryo
No search option??? Help!!!!! Else 5*s!!!
Kalol
I've been navigating and innovating topical devotions via WordPress for about Four years	Solid and simple platform ... clear and fluid transference of mobile site pages
Best
great
Love this app. Make web management easy
Pls fix the login page i cant get the forget password icon
Best app for web development
Couldnt connect to my account. Plz fix
Ineedbangla
I love it
I.likely this app... Just it
I have to been using this app since it was first available. It keeps getting better and  better. Thanks WordPress Team.
The app is great just that maybe support for adding plugins would be awesome...
Log in problem had since been fixed, but now it won't update.. my likes are not showing up, site visits, & followers.
Love it.  I use it all the time.
LOVE WordPress.  Really thought this would be great but it wouldn't let me start a blog with the details already held for me!  Used alternative email address,  set up blog and then next log in attempt didn't recognise I'd set up a blog.  Fed up with trying to use it!
Can't manage drafts !! Would expect this is one of the basic feature one would expect from a mobile app for WordPress
Enjoy this app. Quick and easy.
I was in love with the fact of being able to write and post on the go until twice now I would be writing and saving only to find out, it wasn't saving. Ughhhh....frustrating! Also whatever I start and draft on here would not be on my PC and whatever I start and draft on my PC would not be on here. Such a waste and disappointment.
Works well and makes posting simple.
You cannot upload a video to your blog. The app unexpectedly logs you out. Really dissapointed!
Would not download
Needs updating it just stops working on my phone everytime I use. Thou its cool
Good !
The revamped UI is attractive, no doubts. Would request the addition of new tools in composer like shortcodes etc. Apart from this, something that is definitely required is the ability to view "All Posts" under "Posts".
Kudu diinstall nang hpmu seng duwe blog wp
Awesome
Easy to use.. Great!!
I dont know
It is so good.
how do u rate an app that does what it is expected of it? i guess 5*, eh?  but considering that i am no wordpress poweruser, i will rate this app 4*.
thanks
Please fix. It kills 2 hours of battery aprox on my S4.  Im willing to test fix's
but my notifications continue to be awol. Comes up blank and when I try to refresh, it says "Sorry, notifications cannot be refreshed at this time. Please try again later." How long is later, because I have tried months later and still have the same problem. Pity, because otherwise I find the app pretty great.
Good stuff in use
Just keep having the form fields refreshed on the sign up page. No validation, doesn't work.
Why won't it let me upload images from my phone? Option is grayed out! LG Motion 4g
Helpfully
Cool
Can't login
The new blog posting process is somehow interrupted and doesn't finish completely if I clear the 'uploading...' notification.  As a user I would assume that such a process should continue in the background.  Next, if I open the app again, it doesn't show any indication of the ongoing process which doesn't give me any kind of update (of whether the new blog got completely/half way uploaded/or cancelled).  To check this, if I manually click the 'refresh' icon on top-right corner, it gives a warning message which is really doesn't help the user what his/her action should be.
Cool that I can post to my page right when things happen :-)
I cant accees my contents..giving error "ssl hand shake aborted"on my galaxy grand
Worst
I love WordPress they all have  helped me with all kinds of   (things on Blogs that I didn't know an the people on here are really so nice to talk too, I really am very happy with this. Thank You !! <3<3.
Arif
Wonderful
good
Good app for expressing you skills and sharing ur thoughts and experiences
Sangat membantu dalam memenuhi kebutuhan masyarakat islam
Good app ;)
I tried making an account, but when I clicked Start Blogging it loaded and went back to the exact same page! Why???!!!!! Please fix I really want to use this!!!
Very cool for beginners like me.
WordPress for BlackBerry rocks, but this one is the best because it has more functions. Thanks to the #Automattic Crew
I can't see the reader or notification option.... On my galaxy s4
Nice
This is one app that i would strongly recommend to anyone who likes to publish and edit articles/blog on the go.
Easy
The stats no longer show the top pages of the current day.
Convenient
It deletes the brackets on HTML tags. Like, what the frak? That makes the app completely useless. It posts big walls of text that resembles HTML instead of images.  Samsung Galaxy S4
Kan det den skal kunne.
Great application now i can manage my website more remotely and more easily great work.
You should add more features to make it user friendly.
Hi, thanks for making this app available for me to blog on website. Thanks.
Very bast
ok
Its nice. Easy to use. I'm actually putting time into the app. So I guess that's a good thing.
I enjoy posting my blog, reading blogs and checking my stats on the app, but the stats is not refreshing and not showing updated info like online
I have issues on my tablet with the widget every so often cuz it tells me the app isnt installed. Once i reinstall it works but have had to reinstall several times. If this is fixed it would be great
Simple, effective, free. What more can be said?
It makes me really a blogger...
Unfortunately the app for Samsung Tab is full of glitches. Better to access WP through your browser of choice.
Goor
It used to be that this app allowed more than one blog to be added to the app. Now? I try and try to add a second, but the app zooms through the sign in process without allowing me to change the information (thereby adding the other blog). Instead, it just keeps signing me into the blog I'm already signed in to use! Sigh. This used to be a great app. Now  it's all but useless.
Love this app. Allows me to blog on the go. Adding pictures and videos is easy. I used to update my blog on my laptop but now I have this app I don't need to. Thanks!
:)
Makes it easy and convenient to keep my blog up to date. The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is because I sometimes have to go into the browser to make sure the captions were added to my pictures.
Very nice
Since today it give me a message that cannot connect to server due to some Java error! Any proposal/advise or solution?
It was doing alright before, but keep not connecting for publish after i did update.
Nice
Better app
I've uploaded a grand total of one post from this app . All the other 12 times I tried, it always says error. Can't upload. Incorrect username or password which makes no sense since I obviously logged in to create the post. It saves error posts as a draft but those drafts don't end up on my actual dashboard when I open WordPress from a pcwhich means I have to rewrite EVERYTHING I wrote on my phone and upload photos from my phone to photobucket just to post something. This app is pointless.
Good app.Keep it up ^_^ Totally love this....
good app for me, very usefull..
The update isn't that great. The app in it's previous form was quite close to being perfect however I seem to be having problems adjusting to this one.
Gud
Good
A decent first effort but hampered by: buggy text selection, intermittent inability to load posts, and cryptic interface.
I can't see featured image option on Htc one. It is on ios but not on android.
Good
Good
Thank you
Two problems I have are seeing the font when editing and finding a post that I'd like to work on from the posts screen. I don't know what others do with this app. For the most part,  I just want to create and edit posts. If there was a way to search posts,  and a way to blow up the font, I'd give this app a five.
The updates fixed what went ga*zoink thank goodness!
Hi  firstly allow bulk upload of photos not select one by one kind of thing   2ndly after wordpress 3.8 I was hoping a complete a dashboard with all options Please work on that as well
blogger lombok timur hadir di sini. app yang bagus
Good app
Impressed
What's with the new update? The Reader and Notification tabs are gone! The stats never open! Please fix this.
New one
It is really helping on the move
Just got new Droid Maxx and now this app keeps saying it can not connect to server. Anyone else having same issue??
WtH cannot download this and I miss it!
Plz provide a way to edit my profile in this app asap
What a great way to share our thoughts or  opinions.
WordPress is mobile responsive enough that it kind of makes the app pointless. Just use your browser.
BOTDF BLOG! :D
Good
Love it!
Good
It used to be real good but now its all messed up. It won't save my posts. Please fix
The best reviws
Very nice
Im a blogger. This app just makes my work of managing my blog so much easier. Has so many features and easy to use. Cool
Very usefull
I love wordpress
Good app
Works great when I'm on the road. I can finish up draft posts easily, respond to comments. Just nice.
Love it so :*
Easy to use and has all the tools you need to manage your blogs on a tablet!
Thik hi hai yaar  So Slow  Tez Karo pehla Ehnu madda ja
This is a fxcking waste!!! I lost a lot of content bc of this app.
Most righteous blogging app ever, dudes!!
Ar
Its nice app
10/24/12 - Awesome app! Highly recommended. User friendly!  12/19/13 - I can't finish posts, or upload them, to be scheduled or published. Get error message: Could not connect to server. I run 2 daily posting blogs, and I wish this problem was fixed... Been like this for almost 2 months.
I don't mean I Blog through mobile, but altleast I can manage stats & comments man... Its toooo good!!!
Love it!
Outstanding
Nice
I can write a new post in easy way, nggak ribett!
Now I can edit all  of my websites
Love it
Bloggers can enjoy for sure
Absolutely awesome
10/10 :)
Grst
Can't even search anything.
Does not update til way way later, terrible interface which most tabs won't load and then force closes. I would recommend Google's Blogger app any day.
Good
Keep it up coz this is one among the best app in playstore
It does not update if posts updated on web.
Reader does not update when refreshed which makes it basically useless. Everything else works though... Please fix the reader!
Could be smoother
This good app for all blogger. Love it
It's  really  good
Input same details on pc logs on no problem, just says no blods found in this account
Used to be able to click the stats button no problem. Now I have to go to dashboard and try to open the jetpack menu. Jetpack menu rarely opens and, when it does, it pops right back up again without giving me time to actually click anything. Really frustrating!
This app is great. And it's also nice to now the devs care and listen to feedback. So thank you for that! Also love the PIN lock, by the way. It's been a few months since I last used this app and it's nice to finally find it. :)
I cant download it. It says wrong download url! :(
It's like fb
Good
Easy to use
Good for quick blog updates
The best app I ever saw
Awesome and now it has become better than last version..
Awsm app
Ook but where i find my custom fields.. if there is not custom fields then there is no chance for creating new post :(
Nice
I love it
Love it
for woocommerce and buddypress plugin.. xoxo
This is our WP.
Overall this app just makes me frustrated because it keeps logging me out and preventing me from logging in. I even changed my password and it still wouldn't log me in. It also won't let me view my stats, pages, or themes.  I really love WordPress but remain unimpressed and disappointed with this app..
Best portable app
Enjoying a new social media site
Nice for keeping track of my blog while I the go.
Nnt
I had  with keeping drafts unpublished and synchronized. Stripped square and angle brackets on a lengthy post. Other frustrating problems. Would not recommend.
Simply the best by a mile
Convenience at it's finest
The Best Blogging CMS... I like it very much...
The Ap is great to track my blog. I would give all 5 if they could add a feature of publishing author name for multi author blog.
Love the new look.
ok
Ever since the latest update, my reader page appeared but when I went to a post, I got a blank screen.  I asked to fix ASAP via the play store & on same day it was sorted. Thanks developer!...
Just perfect!
Gets stuck when you try to create a blog.....
I am unable to open any blogs on the reader for Android app. Have restarted my phone, logged out and back in again. Seems to get stuck on a blank screen!
I love this app, however, not sure if its to do with the latest Android update of not, but the reader no longer works. The list of blogs followed shows but when you click to read I individually they do not load. Apart from that great app, a must for all WordPress bloggers!
This app provides better access than internet .
Cannot link from blog reader to blogs I read. App appears to render blank page. Going back closes the app. Other functions appear to work fine. Without fix, this app is useless to me.
Every time I try to read the new blog of those that I follow  it forces close. It alright though it Could have been better.
I'm uninstalling because it's easier just to sign in as admin on the site directly.  Also didn't upload post on multiple occasions
This app used to work so well.  Now is hit or miss.  Lots of times my reader will load new posts but I can't read the entire entry.  It force quits all the time.  Please fix? ??
Don't Hate Me
Excellent!
Like it, easy to use and read.
Love having the ability to self journal on my phone and with pictures!
Just keep updating, and adding new content, I'm pretty sure that this app is going to be a killer:)
I manage a number of self-hosted blogs. The refresh timeout appears to be hardcoded into the app... if it takes more than a few (5?) seconds to request the list of posts, the app borks with an error. Please allow us to increase your timeout value.
The functions along with the stats page are SUPER AWESOME. However, I received 403 error when I click View Blog for my self-hosted blog.
I'm sorry but i don't do blogs so i have to uninstall.
Not downloading gets stuck in between
Kochukatha
i like
Am I missing it? I get email notifications on my android htc one sv phone that people have liked my blogs or are following me. If I click on the "view profile" button in the email, it takes me to their gavatar where I cant follow them back nor like any of their blogs. If I use the WordPress app on my phone, I cant find the reader or figure how to access people who have liked a blog. Clicking in their thumbnail by my like button, again takes me to their Gravatar. People are loosing interest in my blog..
I love the look of the all, but about 6 months ago I lost access to the TOOLS section of the app. Where did it go? Can i get it back?
how to use this app any youtube video
Go over 1k views and stats stop. Can't get any historical data on total views. Last upgrade really made the stats terrible and that was my main reason to have this app.
Erases drafts and never stays logged in. Will not be writing  with this again.
Please configure the marquee html tag to start work in this App, I'll give 7stars....i promise .. because it shows as if marquee is working but after publishing, it doesn't execute the tag!!
Cant see stats details until the next day and then it's a hassle to click "yesterday" for each detail.  I think you've plenty of room to improve stats functionality.
Newest update seems to cache stats for way to long,  I cant see today's till tomorrow
Terrable. It is never able to load my posts or pages. I can access them on my computer but this app is terrible. Don't waste your time.
It's working well . Now we won't any desktop we have WordPress on our android mobile.
Its great.
Good one&verygood
Very useful application
Excellent
I face "SSL handshake aborted" error every time when I try to open posts or pages. I'm using Galaxy Nexus. Plz fix!
Thanks automatic for ruining what was once a great app.
Great app!
Cant upload posts with images...have to upload img after through Medoa tabs within the app to work, otherwise post upl fails
When I open Wordpress after I first power up my Samsung Tab 2, the functionality is a lot like the website. But once I've opened a blog, I can't go back to see my other blogs, and I'm usually stuck in a blog that isnt the one I was originally trying to post in, and hitting the back button closes the app instead of taking me back to a place where I can see all my blogs! So confusing! Bad user experience/user interface research!
lumayan
Cannot use gravatar portion on my Android because of the changes on the site. It is the only thing I use WordPress for, so I'm very unhappy.
Amazing
Updated on 11/25/13...spent 2 hours typing a blog post and inserting photos just to get an "error" and no upload. Grrrr.
Just as good as computer version its worth getting it!!! Just wondering, do u need wifi to be able to access it?
sorry but is so bad..
Non pubblica i post ma soprattutto e lentissimo.
Can not support multiple blog. Thank advance for support.
Good! But being on the road often, could you allow automatic posting of all local drafts whenever there is connection? Alternatively, i wouldn't mind being able to multi-select post/pages for an action (trashing,publishing, etc) too =)
Still waiting to hear as to why stats isn't working for most people. I also can't approve or reply to comment from my Galaxy S4.
There's no option to recover the password for my blog, like through my Gmail or anything. 5 star when it's fixed.
Now that the fiasco with the stats has been fixed, it's a useful app again.
This app makes my life and work so much easier...
Thank you for giving the stats more functionality again. However, they're still not as good as they were. 1 more star if you give us back what you took away, 2 more if you give us even more detailed stats than before - after all, the stats tell us what we're doing right
It's fairly easy to create a post,  and simple to include pictures from your phone.  But on my Nexus 4 it won't publish.   Just tried it again on my Nexus 7. Still doesn't work. Complains about write permissions, though the web based interface works fine.
This is simply wonderful. I don't have to be subjected to unnecessary procedures before I publish my work. Keep it up WordPress.
Excellent site.very useful to me
Usefull
The best apps
Works great for when I'm not at my PC but need to work on my blogs
Nice fix on the stats in the app. Thank you very much. It  works much better.
Logged out after password change now lost local drafts . local draft is then incorrect!!! Gutted
11-21-13 uninstalled then reinstalled app. Same problems. The whole app is sluggish. 11-20-13 Overall its getting worse . stats are now sluggish as mud, and the vertical axis of stats is much too small. Cannot compare well. Make the vertical axis bigger!!!  And I click stats on one blog, but it gives the numbers for my other blog.     You're losing stars from me now.
Using the app, tried to sign up but after accepting username it said password too short (14 characters!!). Tried again & told me my email address & username already in use. No support so uninstalling. :(
The latest update - which fixed the previous update on which no stats were showing for me - is a step backward.  The interface is much cleaner and easy to read but you're limited to top 10 snapshots, without the depth of information that was there before, like a listing of all pages or all keywords.
I tried to update a blog post and the app saved it as a draft, thus removing it from my blog...
Wonderfullll apps for update my blog...
it's very good for human.
Great app
Show me dont tell me
Good
Can't get past the sign up page. Tried to uninstall it and then reinstall, but it just does the same thing, which is nothing. Too bad. Looked like a good app.
But why is application data backup disabled? Makes restoring multiple accounts a huge pain :-(
Back to 5* You fixed it and thank you for doing it so quickly. So much better.  Awesome status reinstated.
Gooooooooooooooooooooooood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome to work and control the Blog .... From the Little app and awesome new Updates of stats and other's too... Thanks a Lot Team
Were dearly missed. Thanks for that!
After recent update perfect!
When I try to sign up it just stays at the same page and doesn't sign me up I've checked and I signed the agreement and all my names,passwords,&site names are allowed Wtf?
Love it!
Not pleased with the stats update. Please bring back Top Pages and whatever that's suppose to be at the top always says "No stats available."  Uodate: Thanks guys! Rating changed back to five!
Yup- Thanks, the new update sorts out the stats.
I love this app! Great features, very user-friendly! Wonderful!!
Wordpress is a nasty, glitchy, buggy, irritatingly difficult to use piece of crap - on my android phone *and* windows laptop. And the text editor just lives right down to those awful standards. I only use it because it's become ubiquitous for blogging content. But I hate it.  Using wordpress in my phone's browser crashes the phone repeatedly, and using it in the app is impossible - the text selection tool is massively unstable, the side menu drags out when I don't want it to, the blog reader doesn't work.
Glad they did another update and fixed the stats. I find that to be the most helpful tool with this app.
Vantassss application ahe bhawa
This update ruined the possibility of using several accounts, which makes it very difficult to update several blogs. Therefore, 1 star, and that's because I can't select zero.
I knew nothing about HTML. Now learning with this app.
So easy and fast to blog now!
Well done, the stats page is useful again.  Great look and everything seems to work.  Thanks for making the changes your user asked for.
The previous update had ruined the stats page - but thank to the team for listening and making the changes so that it returned to showing the stats info that is important! Great app, and thankfully developers that listen... Would still like to be able to view my summary stats via the app though!
Should make moving pics for free
Much better!
This latest update is MUCH better.
Thank you for making the changes to the app. Love that I can see the page hits and country view. Thanks for listening!
Does everything I want it to
Stats are kinda ugly now, but everything works like its supposed to
2nd edit: last update is a huge bugfix! Thnx development! Edit: After the tip of reinstalling the app I choose to clean cache and data. The stats are visible now but has lost of its functionality.  Since the last update my Stats are gone. This was the most useful part of the app. Please fix!
This app really does have almost everything a person could want from an on the go WordPress manager. Love it.
Good all over
It's very amazing app but I've yet to test all of it's features so 4 star but nothing bad about it on HTC One
You took it all in and spat it out just beautifully. You can have your 5 stars back. Happy bunny here.
Keep this Up.
Updated: glad that the stats page is updated!   Agree with others. The stats page has been stripped down to providing no useful insight to us. I want to view page hits/visits and also stats from the previous day.
Much better with  the reintroduced stats.
Pls enable for backup...
Soooo glad that you fixed the last update, love the new update!! Thank you!
It's a storage space hog.
Great publishing app. Easy to setup and use.
Good to have all the functions on the go
The previous update messed up the stats page, and this new update fixed it. Perfect!
Haven't yet tried, but hope it'll work fine. Inspired by the review given by users.
Thanks. It wasn't very useful for a release. Much better. This was what you were going for.
Best feature is comment moderation capability and stats. Thanks for this plugin.
Thank you for changing it back!
Thanks for responding to feedback and fixing the stats. Helpful app. Thank you!
Some stats not working
App will not allow you a direct route to posts & main home menu. must post to get entry to app options.
Was a good app up until you destroyed the stats page. With the onslaught of complaints how could this have made it past review and testing? Especially when it was touted as the main feature of the latest update.  Please fix. It doesn't give correct stats, the week and month remain at 0, and as others have mentioned the page views and countries are gone. Also on the day, the secondary tabs are mostly incorrect as well.   *Update* - Version 2.5.1 fixes a lot of these issues.  Still a problem with view count.
Thank you for listening! The new updated app brings back the graph and post metrics!   Yaay! Five stars for you!
Much better the website statistics work again.
Last update killed all the stats. I cannot see any of them, just full of zeros and I have to use desktop wordpress to get info.  I reinstalled the app and cannot login to my account any more, apparently my login and password are incorrect. Funny, 'cause I use the same ones I use on my computer and which work obviously. ANd I still got the notifications from Wordpress on my mobile
those people that cant see the countries have it good. i can't see stats at all!  edit: fixed. now i love it
I uninstalled the app, then installed it again and now the stats page works!
improvement needed
Tried to add my self hosted blog, logged in fine, but no posts loads at all. It is necessary for me to be able to see recent posts and drafts as it is a mews blog. Media loads fine, but posts are mysteriously missing.
Stats are now practically useless. I can't even see what pages are being viewed? Hello? Why else would I check my stats? Please fix this soon.
This appears to be just in code blocks - a " is turned into &quote; and if you don't spot it in time, turns it into &amp;quot; and so on... Makes the editor unusable.
It was working fine until last week now it just keeps crashing when opened and there is no getting beyond the list of blogs or posts screen.   Can someone please look into this asap?  Thanks
Excellent
Since the last update my self hosted WP stats stopped working.
Stats page now only shows "No Stats Available", nothing else is available even after a reinstall.  Completely useless app now
Way better than struggling using a web browser and works perfectly for my own hosted Website. Good job!
This is excellent
After recent updates this application is broken, stats are not displaying at all, please fix it.
Not quite sure I would call the last update an "update" since there were no improvements made to the app but the stats page appears to have been downgraded. Please bring back the old stats interface!
I  uninstalled and reinstalled can see stats now, but the # of stats are wrong! Please fix
Revised...Loved the app before. Things appear to be working. Will give it a few days to ensure it stocks before the five star is awarded. Thank you developers.
My first impression has been very positive. I've been able to login, create and update post in a blink of an eye. It's very easy to use and reacts quickly.  I only missed one thing: the possibility of selecting existing tags so I don't have to remember which tags I can choose.  I also don't understand why when you create a post you see it in rich format (links underlined, bold letters) and when you edit one you see it in HTML.  Anyway, the overall result is excellent.
Chat love----
I have tried another site, but being new at writing, and still being new, but I found using WP a bit more helpful at that time, to be honest I still do, find it helpful that is. I also love it that it posts on my FB page also.
Rubbish stats page in latest update
Please add notifications when someone comments on the blog!!!
Lack of custom post access is somewhat annoying.
Just installed new version on new phone and the reader won't work.  It doesn't pull up any of the blogs I follow.   What happened? ??
The stats do not work
New update = broken stats. Reads all zeroes now.
Guys the update has added a real eye-candy .. But what's the use of it if there's no numbers !! Please fix this ASAP.. I'm an android dev. I'd be more than glad to help.
As long as I've had the app I've been unable to reply to comments using the app. This is a pain because I'm only able to get to the laptop in the evenings.
I actually like the new look for the stats - but why have all my stats been reset to zero? And they've stayed there for days, even though I can see, by looking at the stats via the browser, that lots of people have visited?
The last update ruines the app. The new stats are useless.
very like
It is good. Thanks
I love this app but ever since the latest update it wont show my stats at all.. everything is zeroes.
The best app for WordPress!
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.  Well, also- if it ain't broke, don't break it either... which you did here.    To echo the popular opinion, the updated stats page is a complete headache.  Without the daily/individual page/country views, it's practically useless.  And this tab system is a mess, please bring it back to one page like it was.
As everyone has said: the stats pages are all messed up! Everything is stated as 0 when I know that it's not the case; I can see my stats from a regular web browser, but not through the app. Fix this, please!
Quick Press shortcut no longer works. Stats are all messed up.
This new version is much worse than the previous one. The stats section is now useless.
This was a great app until most recent update.   >Can no longer see how many views/clicks you have each day.  >No longer see what posts were viewed.  > Last update obliterated all data from .org account.   This app is now useless on mobile.  -Samsung Galaxy 3
Koskoca blogun uygulamasina bak ya..elini kolunu bagliyor hic bi bok yapamiyon
I loved everything about the stats page in the WordPress app - it was quick & easy and had all the info I needed in one place. Now it's been over-complicated, yet it has lost vital figures such as a view scale, countries & popular posts! Please just change this back - if we want comprehensive stats we'll get them from the desktop dashboard!
No stats at all from my selfhosted blog and thats the only real reason for getting the app. Please fix!
The latest updates have given me a dreamy experience for uploading photo galleries to WP. I can manage all my best photos on the mobile app (first by downloading my pics from my DSLR via eye-fi SD card), then upload to the WP Media Library, all from my phone. The gallery options in the WP app mirror the desktop experience. I feel incredibly liberated not having to go through folders upon folders on my desktop computer to manage my pics. I can use a photo filter on the pics I want on the phone, then post to WP. I'm gearing up for a whole new chapter of blogging goodness!  OLD REVIEW:  I love WordPress...on desktop. I've come to the conclusion that I can't even post a basic 500 word post with 4 pictures from my Nexus 4 (with Android 4.3). When I insert a photo in the post, it says it's there and then when I publish, it disappears. It short, a very frustrating experience. I'll continue to draft posts on the WP mobile app, but I'll have to include images from the computer (which defeats the point of mobile posting). I hope WP decides to make something more than "half an app." Many other issues make this a 2-star experience.
After the upgrade, all my stats are blank. How do I fix this?
But it otherwise sucks. I dread blogging with this app.  I don't understand why drafts are kept only on my phone and can't be saved to my server's Wordpress installation.  I also wish the option existed for autosave.  Stats stopped working a while ago too.
I needed add a listing which is a function of the theme. This app does not allow it.
It breaks stats. To keep the older version from updating on you, select the Wordpress app in Google Play, go to settings and uncheck "auto-update". And if you got stuck with the new version, uninstall it via Google Play, find a version 2.4.5 apk from your backups (or wherever), and side load that app.
I cant see my stats now. I only see 000 in every section. Please bring back earlier version.
Waqas
Used to work but once the update was installed it now continually crashes and stats don't work at all. Come on WordPress this is not like you!
One star because the stats pages don't show any content any more since the last update. Plus because stats pages have been divided among several pages.
I miss the stats we had before. I'd like to see which posts are viewed, not only how many visits or clicks I had. I want to know where they were.
All of them, gone. Constantly telling me 0 Views, 0 Clicks, 0 everything, despite my site stats telling me otherwise. I hate having to login to blog to look at my site activity. This is REALLY bad QA guys, the type of which would flunk you out of a Programming 101 class.
Plzz improve your android app. As 17 percent of interest user using your cms kindly take it seriously.
Back in operation! Thanks for fixing it!
Wordpress please note. The latest version onmy Samsung Galaxy Note has issues:  Stats >> Visitors & views  * WEEKS shows DAYS data  * MONTHS shows DAYS data instead of month's data. * Also on all 3 - the graph doesn't appear. It just says "No stats available" even though the stats are available when refreshed.  * Refresh button doesn't work sometimes (looks like this issue is resolved in the latest update). Over all, this app is good. Support for plugins would have been an ideal one.
I use the app mainly for the reader and not for publishing at all. it's too basic for publishing. Would be nice if I could 'download' or 'save' posts for offline reading!?! Bugs me that the reader has to use data all the time.
Good
Loved the stats page in the previous versions, but now I'm not getting ANY stats, current or past.  Oh, I'm using the Android version.  I updated my site with the latest version to see if that would make a difference but haven't seen any change as of yet.  I need the stats without having to go log in through my PC, which isn't always accessible.  Please fix!!  :)  It's a five-star if this can get fixed.
Broken.  Doesn't work anymore.
Love my WordPress blog,
It's just awesome using wordpress.. feels like arounding the world with a beautiful looks
Now I get no stats what so ever. All was working before update?! Why change?
Ditto what everyone else is saying about the stats update. I can no longer tell which posts people are viewing and I can't tell what countries they're coming from. I don't want to have to view the full site on my phone, because then I have to login and that seems to negate the purpose of an app. I really liked the stats page as it was before.
Like lots of other people my stats don't work after today's update. And don't tell me to use the full site link. I don't want to that's why I have the app.  Edit: uninstalling and reinstalling worked. Thanks :-)
Since the update the stats aren't working fine. Different tabs aren't showing the actual data. No reader function. Too bad, it worked fine untill now.
There seems to be a craze  among developers to do what they can to make apps worse!  As for this one,  I agree with others here. One page for stats was fine and now the most interesting features; countries and top posts are gone. Please bring them back!
After the update not able to use the app. Force closes every time.. Please fix
Having never used WordPress or this app, thought I would give it ago. Spent an hour writing the "about" section, clicked update and nothing happened. Looked about, no obvious save button. Tried to copy my text in case it went wrong and it copied something entirely different. Will looking for the save/update function and the page went off somewhere else. Got back and all my text was gone. Tried the auto save function, got a blank page. Tried to paste my text and that failed. Utter crap GUI.
The latest update doesn't load my stats.
Used to love this app but stats do not load anymore!   Wheres the Qa on this?
All my stats now say zero. Wtf. How do i get them to show.
Every time I try to share a pic through our Wordpress blog, I get an error message regarding inability to upload media file. Used to work on my Moto X.
Works well
Love this, almost as easy as the desktop access.  Wish it was a touch more user friendly, nonetheless it is good.
What the hell happened to everything in one page? Now I can't see country's nor post hits this new update gets no stars its gay want old one back.
Like so many others, I find the stats frustrating. Yes, it's faster, but half of the information - such as country - just doesn't seem to be there any more.
Easily update your blog on the go... I love it!
It WAS a great app, till latest version. Now the most important thing to users has been designed OUT! You can't see views by post any more! Baffling. I'd love to hear their reasoning behind it.
Can't see previous stats or specific page hits. Now I have to go to the full site to see my useful stats. The app is nearly useless to me now.
Why did you change the stats page? Eliminating info on which articles were read was dumb.
That the Smartphone version cannot compete in the "long and complicated posts" department goes without saying. But it is an excellent, versatile tool for quick updates and corrections, and in theory even capable of creating aforementioned meandering posts of literary value.
Not it won't even load. I think this was developed by the same people who rolled out Obamacare...
If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Stats history is gone, UI is poor. Enjoyed last version much better.
the app is simple and to the point allowing even the most inept to elegantly navigate the world of blogging.  ECHO ECHO
Major improvements have made this the best flogging platform and app available. No one else comes.close.
I am soooo disappointed in the latest update as it relates to the stats!  All the detailed information is gone!  Yuck!!!!
It won't let me see themes. Saying error fetching themes also it doesn't update the status page it stays on 0.
posting images with the latest release is broken
Is there a help forum for this app? I can't find it. Couldn't figure out even HOW to publish for 5 minutes while I tried every button on the phone. Some help files, help videos, help anything would be appreciated.
Stats is every nice and organize, theme is awesome. Thanks for this nice updates
I'll give you another star if you makes parenting page mode avaliable in Android app...
All working fine now :)
Solid app for WordPress. I manage many different WP sites, so it'd be nice if you could add multiple self-hosted sites rather than having to sign in and out of each one.
Very happy with the app in general, except that any photos uploaded in a post ends up with broken img tags: leading and trailing tags are removed. Running wordpress 3.7.1 on my site. What gives?
The app keeps crashing when the update was suppose to stop it
I've tried numerous times to log into my self hosted site on WP using this app and failing every time. What is the issue? ?
cool
Can't load posts. On a high speed wifi...
I am able to login. But, when I try to check my blog, the reader, or post stuff. It does not work. It always says "Cannot connect to server".  Anywhere I go. It is still the same message i get.... Pls fix... Thanks!
Uploads rarely work. Unreliable.
 
Nice app !!!!!
I tried using WP mobile app to post to my blog. It reset most of my theme feature selections to the default. It took a long time to set everything the way I wanted it visually. Now I have to sit down at my desktop and redo a bunch of it. :(
Hope,at last!
Just downloaded, excellent news!
This app is perfect and your arguement is invalid. Nuff said!
Slow, lame, looks like really cheap software.
Been trying for two years to get this to work with ICDSOFT, giving up. Never could find any proper solutions.
Reader menu would be nice to have. And my stats is not working. It's empty.
such a poor app...always says unable to connect to the wordpress site..whike my internet is working fine all sites opening up.
Awesome
It keeps telling me error. I input my correct login information and still get error every single time. I can access on desktop but with this app it's a no go. Please fix this.  :-(
READ COMMENTS WONDERING IF PROBLEMS ARE BEING FIXED? SECURITY #1 concern. I'm new, but don't want sign in problems or I'm history.
Okeh
cannot delete, cannot post, cannot do anything. error always when trying to post
Can't log on to the app but can online
Awesome!
Good App
Using only the wordpress hosted blog, I find it fair enough and workable, but the sad part is that being someone who posts code on a blog, it becomes a lot more tedious while doing it on a tablet. Can't blame the application for it :)
Facing problem in signing in
Great program
I love it
Spent 30 minutes in a cafe over coffee getting a draft post ready to publish after first downloading this app. Figured the changes were uploaded over my connection, made a new post, noticed it was local draft, hit the mysterious circle arrow button... It deleted all my latest work with no prompt.
I'm not a blogger but I had to get WordPress to leave comments on some blogs and enter giveaways. I don't know what has happened because I'm not able to leave comments on blogs using my primary email address.I can use my alternate email address but I use that one for getting my bills info. I don't know much about technology but I know I need it fixed.I need to be able to leave comments on blogs. There should be someway to unsubscribe your account information and go back and start over. Any suggestions?
Why is the reader locked on sone stupid poll about a webinar? Can't read 'blogs I folllow'?
Good
zelda tucker
For some reason now it can't access the WordPress site? I've rebooted, signed out, now I can't sign back in. Password is the same of course, logging in online works fine. Netsol hosted site.
It does not load comments.
This app does the job. Its really only made for blog posts and stuff. Its quite handy for on the go. Though the computer version is highly better.
Still not signing me in to website
Too simple to be usable.
The one and only best cms ever
As obvious as it is that a great deal of work has been put into this app, I feel its development is in a bit of the "can't see the forest for the trees" stage. Without support for custom fields, taxonomies, and post typesand no support in sight, as far as I knowthis app quickly becomes useless to a great many bloggers. Stats are great. Comments are great. Being able to actually update your website with new content outside of Posts and Pages is better.
Great app
New interface pleases me
need improve
It is slower than my grandma. Probably because it's just a mobile page wrapped as an app. Much work is needed.
Perfect for our business!
Thought I'd try it out but, like the comments left by others, can't even get past the login page.
Bad product... fix it or I'll delete it.
Why the heck do you need coarse and precise location information, as well as a permission for taking pictures? I don't see the need for that and until you change it your app will remain uninstalled from my device.
Had to reset my password and it still doesn't accept it.
Large site with hierarchy of pages unusable with current user interface.
I can now post blogs from my android when on the move! Excellent!
I like WordPress web site but need improvements in apps
The reviewers saying that they can't get into their selfhosted sites are stupid. It works just fine.
Love it.
a really good app.
Wow, excellent! Better than blogger
I can hit my blog from my phone!
I find the app very easy to use, and it's practically the same as the website. I mean, I am also able to upload photos and stuff, which is really good since some mobile applications limit their features, as opposed to the real thing. So far I haven't seen any glitches as well. It's great! () ~
Passwords are being easily stolen... As stated in DDos articles regarding Wordpress, version 3.6.1 is needed to prevent self-hosted sites from being used as bots during a DDos attack. Please update Android version. Also, everyone make sure their self-hosted Wordpress is using version 3.6.1
I can live with the bare bone writing and editing features, WHEN it works - however constant issues with uploading and  no option to do a local saving after a failed upload makes this app pretty much useless for me.
kkkkkkk
This crap app froze when I was nearly done my super long blog. Terrible.
This app's brilliant, so helpful.
Awesome
It keeps saving as local draft. Irritating app.
Excellent
No installation reqd..n m uninstalling right away !!
Can't even sign in
This version is not ready for release. Drafts disappear, post views change, GUI changes without notice, cursor bounces around, upload errors. Made me want to smash my Nexus 7.
I cannot use this app to login my self hosted blog. It is useless app for me.
Can't login to self hosted blog. Tried multiple times, even works fine on mobile wordpress site. I would recommend the mobile site over this app.
I actually find this app easier to navigate than the online page :) So useful to be able to blog on the go
dont download
Please fix. Thanks
Nice app!!!
Won't let me log in. Says my login information was incorrect :(
Good
It works for me. If it says you entered the wrong info . Remove the automatic space placed at the end of your username
Works for me. For those having problem logging in: try adding "http://", do not just enter the site's name. That did the trick for me.
Best
Useless
I can log in on my desktop and android browser but the app does not let me.
This would be a very easy to use app except that it keeps saying incorrect login. I can sign in on my desktop but not my phone. I get notifications and can see the likes and moderate comments but can't post or do anything else. Please fix ASAP so I can actually use the app!
It' s quiet handy for me to write something, just the matter of signal strength... :D
App is a ton of fun.
Does the trick thanks!
90% of the time I try to upload a post with pictures, it gives some sort of mysterious error message: "Read error" "Connection closed by host." "Failed to upload media"  (which media?)  Teribble app which is disappointing since it is wordpress.  I end up using the wordpress website through the browser on my tablet which is definitely not as convenient.
Great app and easy to use.
Nice
It works great but needs fast internet...
This app used to work, but now I only get this messege when I try to log in: "org.apache.http.NoHttpResponseException: The target server failed to respond." I have self hosted wordpress site, and using 2 different devices with 2 different android os version - I still can't log in. It's nice to use this app when it's working properly. Please fix this ASAP.
Appreciate quick dev response: now I know that Admin is accessed through Settings. That's a weird place for it. However it can't run JavaScript so I lack full control of plugins. Better in browser.
Overall the app is great and simple, but the thing is i cant find and follow other blogs with the app
Statistic doesnt work at all. So disappointed.
Great
I'm less likely to write a blog post on the go than just read other blogs and comment. I can't search for new blogs by tag and the app only shows the top blogs. I would like the ability to find less well known blogs on to go. Then I would give 5 stars. Using a browser on my tablet is easier than your app, so I probably won't use it anymore.
Plz provide a way to remove the default image link removal for attachment	In the website disabled the image_default_image_link_type to none, but via app how to achieve this..
Add Featured image colum and I'll give 5 stars
Giving me headache of error posting but duplicates on my blogsite... unlike d bb app
can't log me in.....
Would be great if I didn't have custom post types.  Unfortunately this app is useless to me without them.
Very practical and fast, saves time for changes or posts on the road.
Wont let me log in
Can't refresh posts or post at all through the app. Needs an update please.
This is my ever first apps which shows error of Java SSL handshake aborted error something... blogspot apps working far ahead... horrible apps...I m disappointing that I have chosen WordPress instead of blogspot for my new blog....why this technical things error again and again repeated....is there anyone to help...
Often unable to save/upload posts and posts get missing.
I love it
Won't let me log in. Says my user name and password is incorrect.
Congratulations to all developers who spent time to develop this awesome apps. Thank you too as you are so kind to make it free!!!  Its really simple n helpful for me to manage several wordpress website especially for people who travel alot. I also hope you will enhance type function. Thanks yaw!!!
Works excellent. I installed WordPress to my host customized it and downloaded this app to quickly create posts and all the other stuff it can do. Works perfect my need to quickly post to my WordPress blog!
I can't even log on.  Telling me my login info is wrong. I tried 20 times and can log in from my iPhone and computer, but not on Droid app.
Nice job guys
Too slow
The only thing I wish is that you can access your media files
I can sign in online but not through the mobile app. Just dont get it.
I was so brilliant I figured it out myself!!
Very good
Always a good thing!
Syntax.  This is not an update, it's a downdate.  Most of the functionality I value most, such as adding photo's, revisiting and reviewing posts and gaining access to the 'dashboard' are removed. The new version of the app. having less to offer than the previous.  If you like going backwards this would seem appealing.  To me the accolade 'update' seems inappropriate.
Put in correct log in and ppassword and wont sign me in, but signs in fine on desktop pc
Posts never gets uploaded and the stuff I blog is gone. Constant Attaching media failed msg... Never gets published in the first go.   VERY DISSATISFIED!!!!! Crappy application.
I've hosting my own wp website. When I try to login to it, it said incorrect...but  I believe it's the correct login parameter. Please fix it.
Can't even download on note2
The power of publishing in my hands now.
Can't get connected to my self hosted website.
Very useful to update my selfhosted blog
Initially I could not get it to log in using my username.  I eventually managed to get my email to work.  I was very dissappointed that it does not support cutting and pasting from other applications.  This make posting URLs and spell checking larger post diffcult at best.
I'm really not sure what the other reviews are complaining about... the app works great on my RAZR!  It does what it says, and says what it does!  (must be "user error" with the other folks)
new updates + ui are a significant improvement over old app
Every attempt I make something goes wrong,  first it would tell me my password needed a combination of uppercase and lowercase letters which it did and it wouldn't allow me to use the password.  Now it will not even type in the text box the password when I attempt to type it.  Please fix
I have been very fond of WordPress since I first started using the online version. I started using the app almost two years ago and I have to say I absolutely love it and use it more than the online version. I've never had a problem with it and the latest updates have been splendid.
Whenever I try to edit post it shows only in html code. Realy disappointed.
Cant upload pics, gives an error message and says my blog address doesnt exist...
I can't even get past the first login screen to create a new blog... Very frustrating.
Outstanding.
too good,n make eassy user friendlly
Tried several times, can't login to my newly created blog.
I like it...
Awesome
I used to have access to the app without any hassle and I just haven't got any luck with the 2 step authentication   please help
Great tool, ultra comprehensive.
Doesn't work the same as on a computer, trying to get used to it, still can't figure out how to view my blog, but then i just have it open as a website on the side.
Best app in this world
I wish I could see my draft posts. It sucks that I can't start a post on the computer and finish it on my phone. Also the notifications are really unclear, App needs an overhaul
I have a self hosted WordPress installation for my blog, and I thought this app would help me edit and publish from anywhere, but it doesn't work. Anything I compose in the app is locked to my phone, no way to push drafts to my browser on my PC. Can't upload media to my WP installation on my server either. Trying to publish from the app gives me errors. I'll be replacing this app with something else, it's only frustrated me.
Great content manager. Thanks
Awesome
Works perfectly now. Thanks, developers!
I can't even make my acc. Pls fix this
Useless. Lost my an hour trying to post anything.
This app is great. It let's you post pictures, reviews,cheat codes and practically anything you want and all for free. This app is amazing with so many features and being able to post drawings as well. I would recommend out to nearly anyone.
Awesome app
Can't update my current posts it says my password and screen name are invalid. What gives?
Yes
I can't log in im a new in wordpress. I registered and wa la. Can't log in.  No response http? Please fix this.
Excellent app
The latest update with the new design is a huge improvement! I never really used this app cos it just wasn't functional, and never synced properly. Now it looks way better, has an easy to use menu and refreshes when you open each menu item. Upgrading my rating from 3 to 5 stars, thanks :)
Best
EVERYONE NEEDS THIS
Good but pointless on nexus 7 I just use chrome with force website version checked in settings, and I can run my 20 plus site multisite on the toilet ....  love progress
I really need this app because i have a really important wordpress blog to take care.What I want is: 1.stop saying upload failed 2.my draft keep disapearing So please please please update I'm sure you can do better than that
All apps have glitches. Nothing is flawless. I am a blogger at WordPress and absolutely love this app.! Works good enough :)
Nearly as good as the actual website!
Love the app and it allows me to keep updating the blog all day!
Very very nyc app
Just what the doctor ordered!
I've been using this app for long time and it really helped me to handle my blog even in the absence of computers.  I appreciate the quick updates as well.  But I do have one request to Automattic team.  Kindly add the "bullets and numbering" option to the editor so that we can add the points easily.  Kindly add it in the next update. If will be perfect then.
Good app
This app realy help for me to manage my wordpress blog.
Mantap
         
Simple dan memudahkan,
Not using anymore
Absolute carp. Doesn't connect to my blog at all
Worked well for a while the broke and refused to upload posts
It is fabulous app  I can manage all my stuff from my Palm.  Thank you developer.
So far. Convenient. If multiple account login with switch is much more attractive for multiple domain webmaster.
Now using it again for next site/phone
Cmon..... whats the reason u all spooky
Unable to upload post. Please check.
Why is it so bad
Heyy whats wrong with this program
How can a password and username work online, but keep coming up with incorrect password or user. Rediculous. Fix it. Beginning to wish i stayed with blogspot.
10tothetenthpowerpromos
I like this app but I wish it gave the ability to manage user accounts. Perhaps it does and I just can't figure it out.  So for account and page management it would get 4 stars, but with no user management it loses a star.
Always says device out of memory. Completely unable to upload any photos.
I've a self hosted site and I've created some categories for the blog/news but the app defaults them back to News regardless of what I select and publish. Useless
Not usefull... :/
Love everything about it.
It's fantastic, no more signing in on each new page,  I can flow throughout WordPress without the need to frustratingly sign in. Refresh pages, and for the first time I uploaded a blog through WordPress with no problems. I would like to see though, a preview button when you have written a blog through app to upload. I had to upload blog first to see it's appearance, to then only edit it a few times because of the lay out. Otherwise,  for now I have no problems. Thank you for considering my feedback previous
Highly useful! Couldn't be happier with this app. I love that you can edit posts on the app. Sometimes I notice typos or errors when I'm nowhere near a computer, so it's great that I can fix them on the go. Five stars.
This is really cool app.
Another update and now 'no go'. Time to change host.
Things that were deleted still show up in the app.  Extremely buggy and virtually useless with the existing issues.
Why does Wordpress require the ability to monitor us with unlimited access to our cameras.   The Wordpress folks do an amazing job, why wreck a good reputation with app abuse
Please fix the errors like every one else is saying..work on the app a little more.
Not bad
I don't know what happened to this app who works wonderfully before the update. But now, I can't upload and I can't even keep my drafts. Pls. Fix this.
I love this app. I hate using the internet one. Best blog app ever!
Stats won't load. Reinstalled, but same problem. Otherwise, works fine.
This app takes care of every WordPress need that I can think of!  And it works smooth as glass!  This app is super easy to use and it just does everything well!  Everything is at my fingertips and the toughest thing I had to learn in this app, when searching within it for a function, was to scroll down!  My keyboard was hiding it <lol!>  Thanks guys!  Great work!!! :-)
I have used this app for about a week, and have successfully posted  a couple of entries. My complaint is that the app always gives me an error that the upload failed, but my entry is posted on my blog. I haven't tried posting any photos yet, that will be my next test. I'm using DROID mini on Android 4. 2.2.
30 minutes and I cant load the posts. Useless app
Used to be excellent...not sure how its possible to make an app worse...but you found a way...Congrats!
