Very good interface
Crashes all the time.
a very coool reader! way way better than the other readers I installed . thankyou for this app I can now read my reviewers and ebooks :)
Little links here and there, but better than others
It can not download books, you write  a title of a book but it doesn't search.
Super
Amazing
Works as smooth as ever after last update. Thanks!
excellent job, sir.  best e-reader there is.  works great on kitkat, lenovo 13.3" tablet.
It's best reader. But can you please add pdf format also in it.
After last update work excellent. Thank you. Great application.
I love the night mode. I only wish it could read djvu
Soooo happy to have this reader! Thanks a lot for developing such jewel!
I like this reader, having tried just about all of the others.  I think this reader is better than all the rest.  There are a few bugs, but they are minor.   One is if you have a lot of ebooks,  then a scan seems to forget about some of them.  Second, there needs a way to flush all of the book info and rebuild it with a new scan.
Best reader ever!!!! But can you please make the icon more cooler? And can you please include a library like the ones from UB reader?? Oh and being able to change the background color for home menu would make it more cooler than ever! Thanks :)
Loved it
Unfortunately app stops while I try to find selected word in dictionary
But now it seems to be struggling, it loses it place a lot
Excellent app for reading books. Lots of options for customizing and has a bookmark. Love it!
The best reader ever!
So many book were read through it!
Works well! Thank you!
The best ereader.
One of the best
Best ereader.
I hate the 10-page leap
Great reader
Best reader I have found!
This worked Luke a dream until I got the error message yesterday saying "trying to load book from a non-standard path" and subsequently not opening my books any more (which I hadn't moved). Any fix for this?
Most recent update fixed galaxy s6 crash. Great app!
Yesterday's update killed the program on my LG G4, app won't open at all
Really help to open various file type, great
Version 3.1.2.84 didn't work at all on my Lenovo Yoga 2-8. 2 days later:  Looks like all got fixed in version 104.  Good boy Vadim, that was a quick response. Otherwise an excellent application. Reads all my old book formats without having to convert. Thanks!
My device LG G4.
Simple. Practical. Just about the required features. The page background is the icing on the cake. Keep up the great work and thank you.
This is the absolute king of all readers for android. Love the small size and fast loading. Works like a dream on all my devices. I really like the "read aloud" feature and use it to listen to books while driving.
Its nice
Program instantly crash on galaxy S 6.I need to reopen program around 15 times to open it.
I have used this app for months now,  easily my favorite reader. Never had any issues except for maybe a crash here and there. Please fix...
16th July works again.
Whatever was wrong with the update has been fixed.  It is back to being THE BEST!
Last update broke it on my S6.
Helpful program with great support
Great  app
This is the only ePub reader that can render a book properly while maintaining publisher stylesheet. It is vastly useful for reading technical books that contain source code. I only wish the UI were more modren.
   -    :(
Hi Vadim, latest build format saves on lollipop - upon restart format bar placement and font size get reset.
It really stand for its name. Its a really cool reader. I highly recommend it.
Very good app, sometimes it crashes, but versatile and quick!
Supports many formats, nice GUI, easy to use. Just like it... :-) TTS - I assume it is a system setting. But it would be nice to change the language output somehow easily. Now I need to go to the TTS settings, switch the voice set, start the app and listen finally. Huh, any chance to do smtg with it? Thank you...
Crashes every time I turn a page.
Impossible to adjust the font size finely. The ranges between two  neighbouring values  are too big. You can allow to enter the numbers manualy.  Sometimes the app launches at wrong page. The gap between the text and right edge of the screen can not be removed. It is still about 0.5 cm with the right margin set to zero.
Vadim, this is a very good application. Is there any chance you will work on the text to speech portion? It has gotten better over the years but still wont resume after ending a call and it stops reading aloud when I open the GPS. I use it to read to me when im driving. Im still very impressed with how it performs. Thank you
Crash fixed my ...
After latest updated no longer able to open .fb2.zip files
friendly
Great app
It always says error in loading
But how to controlled the auto scroll speed.need a seperate option to activate or deactivate scroll option,not automatic.settings are complicated.read loud option should be improved.images of the player should dissapere automatically.
It has very nice customizable features. i love it. Have been using this for more than an year now. Also the day and night modes, scrolls and such features make it a really nice app.
It was cool at first, but after dropping my book three times and forcing me to start from the beginning each time, I got fed up. Uninstalled.
Been loving it for years now.
Loved this app, but recently it has started locking up partway through a book. (New page yields black screen, no way out of it) It also has stopped saving its place in the book; even if I close the app properly, when I open up, I'm several chapters prior to where I stopped reading.
I just updated, hope it fixes the crashes on Galaxy S4.
Still the best reading app ever! Thanks for bringing back the old paper background. A bit slow when loading, but hey, nothing's perfect... Thumbs up!
    ,   
ilove this apps
very good reader
Nice app. I've been looking for so many ebook readers and finally I found this app. Good job!
   
gr8 app
This is the best book reader I've come across. Gives a really good experience.
Geen boeke nie
Very well featured
Slow! on nexus 5!
one of my favorite app
fazul aap
Its nice but keeps crashing. Plz fix
  ,     .    .       :-( .
Exelent book reader fully recommended
Try it
Easy to use,  friendly, very good level of personalization.
Hate it
Used to love it. Updated it,  now it takes forever to upload, format and open. Then, when it eventually opens,  it hangs & just stops working.Urgh! Please give me back the old version that worked just fine. I knew I should not have done the update.
Supports all useful formats and even has text to speech.
Good app
It used to be the best app to read books on but now the updated version does not allow you to go to specific  page numbers and percentages . Could this error kindly be fixed
Crashes seem due to page animation, turning off in settings, middle menu, page animation, no animation seemed to be a reasonable workaround. Other than that, Vadim did a great job on this application.
It's good for e book purpose
Only a few hours and I am in love
An amazing piece of software that does what it has to without ads. All functions are available. The only "In App purchases" is the "Donate" button. Bright control is impeccable. It searches for my books all over my device and present them to me in any way I want. This is the kind of software one is happy to donate money for further development. Well done!
Good reader but not sa good as moon+ reader
Nice and simple
The app has a horrible design. A lot of the finger toggle options don't work, it's difficult making selections. On top of all that, occasionally, when I open the app, it doesn't open my current selection, like it does normally. Instead, it opens the app as if I haven't even selected that book. It forgets that that was the book I was on and gives me the options to open books previously read. That alone is a problem worth avoiding this app for.
Excellent work, Mr Lopatin! The reader supports about every ebook format; just short of pdf and  DjVu. Something I loved. Might as well add these in a plug-in -- just for completeness' sake :)  The interface is very customizable and has smooth animation. Probably the most complete ebook reader I could recommend to anyone.  It would be fantastic if users could add their own fonts to the existing set. Also, the app loads a little slowly - compared to moon+ and FB reader; though it runs well enough once loaded.
Text reads OK till it encounters a capital letter (proper noun) without preceding period. For example: "We ran down to London for tea." "London for tea" is not read. Please fix. Other than that excellent app
I always love to read book everywhere, this app comes handy.
Easy to use, simple
This  app is so great 
A brilliant app that desperately needs a design overhaul
One of the best reader there is !
     .     .    ,       .    .    -   .  .    .  .      .    
I use an Acer on the Android platform. This app crashes every few pages and when I restart it, it goes back to the page it was on when I opened the app.  Terribly frustrating.
Would be great app if it can be fixed where it doesn't keep crashing and shutting down every few pages. Using on a samsung galaxy tab 3....... Please fix
My favorite app for reading, very comfortable to use, a lot of flexibility, great customization on look and control. And thanks for bringing the old background back!
How to open pdf files. .I cant open pdf books
        .       ?   ".cr3"  .
Great reader.Especially useful is night mode & changing font size. Chose this app cuz could select books on extSD in current file structure & many supported formats. Never able to open mobi files that Kindle app could. Stopped using CR to select books as they were inconsistently sorted - use MyFiles which would suck more if the ratings, read, and to be read features worked. Stopped rating, adding series info, & renaming since info disappears. Even w probs would be best reader ever if PDFs were supported.
But today was a problem on Elephone p5000. App crashed.
Used for a while,  does everything however latest update has lost my book history?
What's the difference between this one and the Cool reader GL?
Really Love this app. it deserves more than five stars.n Thanks
Most customizable. With premium features. If they can add pdf too
this app is really great if you're doing low light reading.
Google nexus 7 tablet 2012 , with new Android version unstable
,     
Excellent app
This is the best reader :D
Great for those who read via smartphone
Drains battery enormously fast on GS3 4.3.  For the rest - great app!
I dont check it now
By the latest update I experience the app closes every 10 min of usage pls fix it soon          after  this new update facing same problems
Tried it on Android 5.1 but its crashing again and again. Please fix it
Crashes often causing me to lose my place.
Very nice app.
I love it
    3 ,  ,     ?        ,   ?
Good to use but so frequently get 'unfortunately, coolreader Has stopped' on my s3. Makes it unusable.
Having an exremely hard time locating the option on how to lock screen to portrait or landscape. It's really annoying every time the screen mode changes or the text formats when I move my device.
App used to be great but now I can't get get 5 pages without it crashing. Same keeps happening with my wife on her tablet.....
Could you please share old version, the one before first version with crash on start? Until now it is not stable. Sometimes black screen after start, some rare cases - app freezes.
Just love wood background and great interface. But there are some cons : after switch to other app and switch back it takes some seconds to get to reading position. Last update causes constant freeze+crash after which reading position resets dozens of pages back. Meanwhile I going to moon+ reader till fixed.
Otherwise best eBook reader I have seen!
Used to be a great reader, now it keeps crashing almost after every page turn.  I give up - need working reader, not 'cool'
Great app. I really like the ability to adjust the brightness with the book open. Very  flexible, but simple to use.
       . , .    ...      )
Nice app! Thank u!
It is good for reading books.
Must have and the best of all times reading app, I've been using it since symbian, but after last update it's become less stable - slower book loading, slower response, crushes. Hope the next update will fix all of those. Good luck!
Love the paper backgrounds. Lots of functionality. Be sure to learn them or you'll end up turning the brightness down by swiping on the left pane and think the app is broken like I did for an hour. Lol
This app makes reading ebooks easier. A must-have for book lovers.
Insanely customisable.
Better available
Also could suport PDF and DJVU
One of the best apps available for android users......Can't ask for more
This app looks like it was designed in 2001. The actual reading experience is not ebooks to be fare.
Back to a 5 star rating!!! Thank you for listening to your fans of this incredible reader. So glad to have the old backgrounds back that we loved so much.
My reader is constantly stopping for no reason and when I go to restart the app, the book I was on starts over from the beginning instead of where it left off. It also skips entire paragraphs so things in the story don't seem to make sense. And why does it keep saying, single quote, single quote, single quote, and soooo on? It doesn't read any other punctuation. It's very annoying. I think I'll just go back to my old reader, way less bugs then this
This is hands down the best book app. Ever
Very flexible and tunable reader. Like it  very much!
--!         ,     .      -  .
Whatever you did with last fix has broken mine! Keeps crashing while im reading and locking up! Not happy! Was perfect before!! Trying uninstall and reinstall...
Why I get this text when trying to download books from online catalog ??
Recently started crashing and reopening on wrong page
It's almost not usable. Just crashes all the time. Sometimes it's on the first page turn.
Dictionary doesn't seem to work. Otherwise a really very COOL app!
App closes itself and when I reopen it, it opens to the page it was on when I opened it before.
Samsung galaxy grand neo here. App can't detect any books found at my sd card or internal storage!
The best reader ever. That's why it's cool
Love this app. I have used it for years. Skips on the the text to speech when words are italicized. Fix? Can I set something to stop this? Would love it if I could pause the tts in the ui for my Android device. Not complaints. Just suggestions. I use this app more than any other on my phone. Keep up the good work.
Very great app. Can read my notepad and rtf file easily. Thanks!!
Crashes while loading one &lt;6 mb book. Pls fix
After using 6-7 so called r book readers i tried cool readsr and um loving it
It reads mobi so well. Kindle, Aldiko, etc failed to read it.
Sometimes hangs on load. Does it try to connect to server?
Very good
Thanks for this great app!
Best book reader!!!
Does a good job on reading different formats. Peace
 )  !^^ ,   )
   .   ,   ,   .
I want to open a chm file directly by clicking on it instead of opening the app first. I keep getting error "No app can perform this action". I tried default app managers but it does not list CHM.
Love this on my phone
Best app of this kind I've seen.
Thanks for returning old book background! Awesome app!
Edit: yay texture is back. Great software.
Fantastic. Love the fact that it provides multi level archiving for my library.
Good
6stars, for listening and bringing back the old paper background. Thanks Cool Reader!
This is good work. Much appreciated by an avid reader. Did my comparing, and this is my prefered ebook reader. Try it. The price is right.
Wonderful app, i've been using it since the early days... And hey, don't even think to touch an old paper background! Lol
App is great!
Thanks for the quick update to fix the startup crashing (on 5.0) + return of my favourite background.
Wonderful app. Should be 5 stars, but I've got problems with "browse file system" panel ( menu is not functional, extSdCard is not accessible, no ability to customize) - could you please fix that?
Can't get the dictionary working but hey ho, this is still a fantastic app, very customisable too. If it synchronised between my phone and tablet I'd given 6 stars
Samsung S 5...crashing and can't finish my book.  Please fix because I really loved this app up until now.
Good app! But after the last update app crashes on Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
Background should be improved a lot
constantly stop working,  reinstal didn't help...
Excellent work in options, and making a program easy to read with.
Best ereader out there!
Just the Best reader ,using it many years............   .       .
Swietny, przejrzysty, prosty - najlepszy w swoim rodzaju. Dzieki tej app zaczalem czytac ksiazki :) Minus za brak formatu pdf
Great
I simply love this app
Paper1 background is cool
      . .   
Best book reader!
   .    ,   .    djvu -    !
This is easily the best and most customizable reader available for Android. Most versatile for book formats and devices.
If you turn off and leave the program running the text settings stay,  once exiting however,  the text resets to microscopic size
 .   .  .
Thank you for returning the old background, it was my favorite also FIVE STARS!
Please  return old paper background! Reading now is not comfortable. Thank you very much, it has returned!
Well, it's back. Thank you for the best reader on Google play!
Very usefull!
Yay!!!!!!!
Lot of thanks for your great work. You are the best
Best book  reading app.
And thank you for bringing back the old book background
the best!!!
You can adjust this app to what ever your needs or desires are. The only thing I haven't found is how to sync book and location between different devices, ie. Phone and tablet. I expect it can't be done.
Interface is very very ugly. Use kindle instead.
encoding problem with Lollipop Samsung Note2. No suitable fonts for Chinese characters.
Love so much about this app. However like most I'm sad that the recent update deleted my favorite background (which is why I never went to the coolreader2). Hoping it gets put back in the mix. Still a lot to appreciate.
Love the app. I've had it for years but yesterday the background changed. Please bring back the old paper one. This new one is too bright, even when you dim it. I hate it and it makes me want to install another app for reading. Please fix it
Last update stop working on nook. Why?
Why would you change the background? Just why??
Text to speech is BROKEN!  It never continues to the next page after it reads the current page I'm on.  Instead it goes all the way back to the first page.  So glad I didn't donate anything cause I was  just about to after testing it for 1 page. Glad I actually made text to speech read a whole page before giving this failure of an ebook reader any money
Only thing missing is the ability to read pdf documents.
Coool
   
Still great app but please listen to the plebs' cries! The old paper texture is sorely missed.
To make it totally perfect add pdf, so I may delete the other one.
why don't you give users the option between paper textures?!
Hands down... the best of all the readers.
Where is Old Paper background?! That was only a reason I used Cool Reader.
Favourite ebook reader for years now but what has happened to the 'Paper 1' background texture? It is now shades of grey instead of shades of brown. Please bring back the original as it is the only background my eyes can relax to. (See second image from left at the top of page which shows original.)   Until then only 4 stars.................
Why has my background changed - think it was "Old Paper" but vanished yesterday - please help to get it back.
Please bring back old paper background. Eye strain too much after long period of reading. Other than that great reader. Just one final request add PDF support.
I set but lost old paper background.  Galaxy tab 4. Please! I like this good app.
...   :-(
I can even read wattpad here, if you have soft copies! Hehehe.
Best one I've tested so far. Customizable and great function to adapt luminosity by sliding on the left or right of the screen.
Where's the old paper background?
Fast and efficient, easy to use.
Where is old background????
keeps crashing! pls fix
Nice app!!!
Good
great app, it is very simple to use
Great app
It IS the best I have found for my rooted nstg, but some things bother me. I rooted my nstg mainly to overcome the lame bookshelf ability BN gave it.
  2
good
Cannot open pdf
 .    2 .  
The ultimately Best app I have ever installed. 5+++  Thank you a million 
Ask someone to help you design good menu.. this one is just an unfriendly maze. So many clicks to change brightness (app ignores the device's global settings), to check page number or to operate the read-aloud. Plus the read aloud skips chunks of text which makes it pretty unusable. On plus side I love the old paper appearance.
Like it better than any other reader out there. Including the proprietary readers.
I love these app
Taking 2min just to load my 100mb chm file!
Very like it
instead of it I see chinese letters (wtf?) and there is no possibility to set the text coding... (like central european, windows, utf...)
Cool reader , really cool )))
Amazing
I love the variety of settings. Different backgrounds, easy to adjust brightness and format, it's been great. Thank you!
Need to override embedded css settings in epubs. This app has a lot of nonsense settings, too many in fact, but what is needed most, readability settings, are lacking.
It's just awesome..  Great Job..
      
Excellent app for ebook
impossible to browse file system freely, no LAN access for some reason.  uninstalled
there are some many options!!! if you can dream it you can change it. i doubt you can ever find a better app than this. i personally like reading licht grey in solid black so my eyes don't dry out or hurt. i am reading on a 5.5 inch oneplus one. can't recommend it enough!
Error while loading document
It's a good but it keeps skipping some of the text in the document. Also providing support for pdf n including docx file format will get it 5 star
Ive read more than 40 novels via cool reader ... Itz awesome ... Great work guys ... Excpt it doesnt support PDF files ... Still desrve 5 stars ...
when I first downloaded worked fine now it shuts down and takes forever to load if it even decides to load
i have tried most of the other readers they all have their good points BUT i keeping coming back to this one.  One of the major pluses is the capability to use it as an audiobook - great for driving or mowing the lawn.   the pages look great, it scrolls smoothly and finds and loads books quickly without having to copy into a separate directory
How do I use dictionary in this app?
There is no highlighting feature.
Certainly one f the best! Wud hv been great if u Put ther an option to uncheck auto rotation
Cool reader is best application for reading my favorite e-book in epub format. it should be available for windows phone and pc.
Great app
Very friendly app
This is the apps that I'm looking for.
Love it
Very useful
I've loved CoolReader until now. I spent $30 for a 38 MB epub ebook, a large reference manual, and CoolReader chokes on opening it; after waiting over 30 minutes for it to open and format this 38 MB epub file, I gave up and installed FBReader, which opened the ebook with a delay of about 8 seconds. Please fix!
Cute
 ! ,  !  
Great app
most attractive thing in this app is that while reading any book there is also a pictures .which made our reading interesting so for me this app is the best app for reading books.....
Always auto rotate
nice app
Could only be better if it also supported the .docx format-- Otherwise, best eBook reader I've seen for Android, and worth the space on my tablet. :)
Good app
add pdf.
Sorry i cannot give more than a star... my pdf working with every reader i have but this app no
The only one that shows all text from certain books dowloaded from project gutenberg. Thanks. Great app!
All versions closes suddenly any time without saving last page number. Huawei Mate. Checked Android 4.1 to 4.4.
Kept crashing
Does what it says. I would give 5 stars if it worked with mobi.
Good app, but have problem with reading out loud. App skips sometime some words
Great app.. Has a read out loud option which I love for long road trips.
The app is ok but update for Lollipop material design would be nice. Or, at least, make the book shelves look like they do in similar apps. Also, as I sometimes read the same book on different devices I would appreciate the sync.
Slower compared to other readers I've tried. Uninstalled
Like this app
I wish if this reader supports pdf format books also.
Works nicely in Samsung but frequently not response and stop in Asus Fonepad 8. Can this be fixed?
just what was looking for. the improved library search  system is not far and waiting to see how it will come out. so good for my eyes to read whether pdf or word document
It's a good ebook reader.
Great app will read text file books will not read 3m cloud books
Only if chinese works
Easy to use and great accessibility.
   .       DOC,   DOCX, ODT  RTF. : ,  ,   ,    ,    HDMI,   , , OPDS (LitRes, hello!). :   PDF, MHT  MAFF,     TTS,    Google Drive,    DOCX,   MAFF zipped web archive file format.  LitRes   . FeedBooks - Error 404.      ,      .
Grt app
After many search found the best reader . shows recent books  and very easy to use. Thanks for making such a nice app.
I have been using this app for years. The only complaint I have is I wish it supposed mobi format.
great
good
It's that it's so much better than the others! I change phones, providers, plan options... I even test other readers now and then. But only after cool reader is safely installed and configured. Kudos to the developer; Cool Reader is on its way to becoming a legend.
Plz add pdf support!
I like this app, but recently, some books that Project Gutenberg has put out plays incorrectly. Maybe it's something in the books' format, but it will read the same page over and over and over again.
Has a very top outlook but for some reason can't download full books for my Huawei y511
I had to uninstall this because the auto-rotate feature bothered me.
It doesnot work properly. It skips some texts.
Used this app for long.was really d best n very easy to use.its acting weird recently.doesn't remember the page where I left reading,once I close and open again all recent books r gone n then have to start from searching which page I left at.tried reinstalling but no difference.plz fix
Not quite as user friendly as I would prefer, but I appreciate it does what it should fairly well.
Samsung Galaxy S3
It's cool... One of the best reader..
Please add an animation for scroll that will make it smoother (slows down scroll after lifting finger instead of stopping suddenly).
This app has a crude unfinished appearance but it works very well.  Compatible with just about anything that I throw at it, it offers several options in terms of background type, font size, font color, and font style.  My only complaint is that the menu layouts could be cleaner and more attractive. Clunky menu navigation is the only thing preventing me from giving this five stars.
This such a nice little app, and I really do mean little. Installed it only takes up less than a MB of precious internal storage, and about 11MB of phone storage. I've found it to be very stable apart from the odd exception of a badly formatted epub. I like just about everything about it, and I've tried every ebook reader I can find, but this one beats them all for ease of use and readability. I now prefer to read ebooks on my phone than on my Kindle thanks to Cool Reader.
All the options you can dream of!
I cant even read my book!! Wthat book? Exactly!! How do i download books?
I needed to open an RTF document and this was high on the list in Play. Sadly the formatting was wildly wrong and it wasn't readable.
Best reader out there.
what the hell...............! it is not installing!!! flurteddddddd.......
Good
All in one reader !
Easy to navigate...find things..easy to change settings...
I fell in love with this app the very first time I used it. It's so amazing. I could control the brightness without needing to go to the settings and I also can pinpoint the exact page due to the page number above. The percentage of the power left of my cellphone battery can also be seen at the upper right corner so I don't need to close the app just to check my battery. Really amazing!
I have reviewed all eBook readers in Google Play. This is the best reader with all features expected from an eBook reader.
  pdf ??????
Chosing text colours could be easier.
For epub file
Good for the reader on the go
Best reader ever!!!!!!
Nice but unfortunately stop
And it's actually a free app. How mad is that? I would have paid good money for it. And believe me, its that good. Honest. Would I lie to you?
trying to open .txt files
amazing
Not bad
its name
The issues I had with a previous version have been fixed. I really like this app. Best reader I've tried. Other reviews said there was no brightness control but that isn't correct, just swipe up and down the edge of the screen. (Galaxy s5)
 ,   .    .
Fantastic
Loved it
Well, I really like how I can do other mindless things with my hands while still enjoying my books.
.
This ebook reader is really great, better than most of the ones I've downloaded before. I only gave 4 stars because it can't open rar files. I hope you guys make rar files viewable in your next update. :)
 ,      :)   70 .  .    !
it should load screen rotation options from the phone's settings, I was trying to read a stupid fufffffing book, but I can't!! it keeps rotating, and u can't switch it off in app settings, 10 mils of idiots
it crashes every time I open it
I love it !
Sometimes crashing.
excellent app
Every/any format simply works, without fuss or adjusting settings.  Great app!
This used to be my favourite app but it's constantly crashing every time I turn a page. (Nexus 7 Android 5.1)
Reallyngood
Have been using it since 2013...Simple and easy
All of my books on google drive is in RTf format and none of them won't open with this crap. Uninstalled!
It is east to personalize and the commands can be set on the page  to search, find, bookmarkect
The best reader you can find for your e books with lots of customization.
This sucks...the books don't want to open
Good
It was. Good. But not the stories I was. Looking for
The app keeps closing itself after reading 20-30 pages, fix this please!
Love it!
I read alot, so this is good reader for my lifestyle. I can read on the go, at night while my kids are sleeping.  When I am working or driving I used the read aloud function, it skip some words, in which I may miss some of the storyline. Since it is free, I can't ask for much. Thanks for making it free:):)
It is okay, and easy to operate
Good
As soon as I get really into what I'm reading, the app crashes. And doesn't save where it crashed. Once I flip to the right page it crashes again and again. Just let me read!
The read aloud gets trapped in loop repeatedly. Xiomi Mi3
amazing app
Its no adobe reader but its good
slow and laggy seems like memory leaking
, .   ,    .  -  .   .   . . - .    .
Cool app indeed
(Droid Razr Maxx HD) This is the *best* *free* reader app. Tap zones let me hold it AND turn pages with the same hand; it's better than paper! Lots of customization. Reading RTF on Android is a miracle, plus all other formats except PDF. I have none of the bugs listed here. Finding files was unusual, but switching between "recent" and "folders" displays I now easily go from Books to Downloads and any other folder, just like windows. Yes some limitations but being free and so many formats it's worth it. &lt;3
Table of contents non-functional ----- and the rendering of uncommon characters DEPLORABLE. Altogether didn't really deserve one star - but since that's the lowest rating I could give this crap app, I settled for it.  How it could have gotten so highly rated by other users is completely beyond me.
Needs graphics improvement
Usefull
This the nys app
Decent interface.  Lets you read even those books you didn't purchase online.
I love reading ,
very easy and simple to use. no hassle whatsoever! (UPDATE)
Supports literally all formats seamlessly on kit-kat
Make it customize scrolling speed
Giving 4 because TTS was a bit off on some books. But good job
Would give 5 stars if the program supported .lit and .pdf files
This works beautifully. Reads all eBook based file formats, allows for many customisation options, bookmarks with ease, and has many functions essential for any avid reader (too many to list). My only "complaint" is that you must find the file using CR, it doesn't just bring up all found on device period, as some others do. But if you know where to look, that shouldn't be an issue. 5/5, would definitely recommend.
Android 4.2.2 hangs often. Concept is great
It is a great app! Thank you!
   .             .      .           chm    !              . .       chm            .   chm  .
would b nice to have Unicode/epub-embedded font support (as in FBR)
I have been using it almost daily. Use it to know its power
how to switch off the screen rotation??
Easy and intuitive, to say the least. This is a must have app in my sematfon at all times, period. Tapi bukan yg period orang pompuan tu laa..
Okie lang. Pero fhunget
Good
Cool looking AND functional. Cute how it gives a default cover page for books without one. Beats other ePub readers in my book. Pun intended.
Loved the app & its feature. I m very happy with it.
I have been looking for an app like this!!!
I use the HTC one xl with android version 4.2 and I can't seem to find the TTS option on my cool reader,please help,anyone.
I need this to read ebooo text
Love this app and works great for my ebooks. Just 1 star less because it don't support PDF and need another reader for it.
Unfortunately I under-use its capabilities, as I have had no cause to try other formats supported by the application. Nonetheless, as a pure book reader, it is one of the very best. There are plenty of configuration options, for those who insist on such things. The biggest failing of Cool Reader is the Library function, which basically doesn't exist. For me, this isn't a problem as I use Calibre Companion as my library app. When I click on a book, it opens up Cool Reader. When I exit Cool Reader, it returns to Calibre Companion. This is a surprisingly quick process. I have encountered other readers that aren't as fast switching from library mode to reader and back. It's not a program for everyone, but for me, it is extremely useful.
Can't find any of the books I want!
Thanks to this app I can read a ton more books than before. Thank you
But crashes every few minutes when trying to actually read the book, which is incredibly frustrating. Would be great if the read aloud would read italics in a sentence rather than jump to the next sentence as it can get a little hard to follow.
Using nexus 7, after update to new android the app started to crash really often. Can't read anymore
manjularohsan
I only got this app because it supports text to speech, which I really wanted to use for when I'm going on long drives and the book I want to listen to doesn't have an audio book version. Although it mostly works, the is an annoying problem when encountering italic and/or bold fonted words. It will read out the paragraph up until the mentioned word, then skip the italic word and the rest of the entire paragraph and continue to the next. Another issue it has it that it will often read a paragraph twice.
All kinds of options, feel and brights all in this, best part is it's actually a top of the line reader but free!
All of my devices have this ereader. I am accustomed to staring databases for hours on end. I've found that a black background with green lettering is easiest the eyes, and this is the 'only' reader that can do it on. All you need to do is uncheck the 'Enabled Document Internal Styles' in the 'css' menu in the settings. The tab to the right of the 'css' tab is where you can change the background and the text color. You also need to change the text in 'Title bar option' below the other options in the tab.
Could better if it supports PDF.
Aunque hace dar mas clik de lo necesario para hacer ciertas cosas como guardar bookmark y highlight
Works perfectly
It doesn't want to remember my settings so I have to reenter it every time I start the app. Please help!
There's no new books. I would keep the app if their was.
I love this app for an authentic "paper" background.
Am not able to open any book!
Simply very nice handy application
The best reader
What about PDF support ?
'Export bookmarks to text file' is very useful. Report bug:  The app is starting to crash since yesterday ( 23rd Feb 2015  ) while trying to add highlighted text. And when the app is restarted, the eBook opens in Scroll-View mode instead of 'PageView' mode.
Now it's time to upgrade your world best book reader and give to it the world best design!)
hoping this works
It gave me issue back when i accidentally uninstalled it and then installed it back. It started loading a epub book of 400 pages to 1500 pages. But i reinstalled it after a long time, seems to have taken care of that issue. But the loading of any pre-opened document has a lag time of 4 5 seconds, its actually annoying. Rest is all ok.
How could it miss pdf file system
NEVER EVER JUDGE THE BOOK BY ITS COVER....IT READS WHAT I READ...
By far the best Ebook reader out there. I tried a half dozen before I came to this one
Sometimes crashes on my Samsung S3
Best uses
I wish it could read more formats especially pdf. Otherwise its an excellent app.
Nice
Fackkk
The best eBook reader.
   ,    -      .  ,     ,      .
One of my two favorite readers
Just brilliant. Period.
Complete action.thx
Auto closes when attending to open
It good but I feel like this app take my battery alot.
Easy reading
Awesome
excellent, can't ask more for free. love it. not accessing public library catalogue.
Awesome ... better than any other reader app.....
Its a good app for me as I like to read books.
Always shows "Error while loading document". And the library sucks, it's hard to add document into the library. Need to learn how to manage documents from MoonReader.
Best ebook reader ever..fast and reliable..keep it up
Great application, and no pop up adds.
I like it. I don't think you need to know my caller identity however.
Perfectly works with any devices, it's comfortable to read and to adjust brightness and moreover there is beautiful amination
My favorite reader..but it wont save current settings after exiting the reader..please fix it... thanks..
Lots of useful functions like night mode(really easy on the eyes) & backlight brightness control by flicking on the edge of the screen! Download ColorDict & link to CoolReader so you can look up word meanings while reading. Been using this app for 3 years. Highly recommended! Great job app developer!
Superb
 ,      , actionbar       
One of the best, with Moon+ pro. Smooth and fast.
Great features, but crashes every dozen pages on Android 5.0
 ,    /
Great substitution for mobi reader
I like this app a lot.  It's my go-to eBook reader.  However since upgrading my N7/12 to Lollipop (which I hate BTW) I've been having intermittent lock-ups where it will freeze on a page.  Then I have to FC and restart it.  At the same time the top menu bar is misaligned (up too high) and the progress bar is missing.
This is the best epub reader when used in day mode. I have some epub books which would not work no matter what setting used, the font is dark on dark, impossible to read.
This really is fantastic ereader.  Performance is flawless.  I've never had it crash.  There are enoigh features that I regularly use without being excessive.  All around a great product.
Works great on my Samsung Galaxy S4!
Nice but slow
Needs more polishing and features.
This app is so easy to use, compatible with all types except PDF, but c'mon who reads books in PDF on phone?! I like the way it formats documents for that easy on the eye read. It is almost as if you are reading a book.
Excellent for download reading
Better than Aldiko
Not so good on 4.4 as it crashes randomly and when restarted puts you back to where you last opened it 
Supporting a lot of formats, is very stable and has a lot of settings. Using it a few years and never had a problem. Probably it's the best reader so far.
excellent....
Setting brightness, switching to night mode, exporting bookmarks, it's all very smooth. I'd like to be able to turn off internal styles by default, that's the only improvement I can think of.
App has room for improvement in data displaying. But the best reader app for user customization. Only thing missing is PDF support.
Can you add a quick dictionary on the app itself should be amazing then
Use it all the time. Function keys are where you naturally want them to be. Nice job
Can't see what real page I'm on in cool reader so I can't note the page for my study essay. I'm assuming this info is in the book file as the same file has real page numbers when opened with Google play books. Can't search in Gutenberg archive (can you in any of them?).
The auto-scrolling is a wonder, keep your arms and hands warm when laying in bed reading - what luxury. Now if I could only master the brightness control by flick I would be one ecstatic bunny!
Impressed my school because it is the year of reading.
I can't  change font color. Dark mode doesn't  work correct. Text is too dark no matter of bright level.
Simply amazing
It was soooo stupid
It became very glitchy - disappearing menus and books, force closes. Also interface and navigation should be changed to something more user friendly. Updates are not often.  2015/01/30: Update - it is very glitchy now, moved to Moon Reader which lacks a lot of functions of Cool Reader. Once Cool Reader was the best.
Love this app! Highly recommended
Easy to use. I just download an epub file book, look for it in downloads or wherever and wala its there to read. Better than any abook reader ive used. THANKS SO MUCH FOR MAKING THIS WONNDEERFUL APP.
Serves me well
Good
I've had this app for years and its the only one I keep coming back to time and again, Thank You!!!!!!    Update: it wont read lit files, is it the app or the lit file?!?
Keep up the good work!
So you can listen books
Has formatting issues, and Control problems, decided, to go with Moon+ Pro eReader, Since I Already got a Big Discount On The Paid Deluxe Version, and Also Trimming Back Duplicate apps that have less Bells & Whistles to save Memory, on a 64 GB Tablet....
Really cool app!
The best plain text reader i've ever met
It constantly crashes when trying to change page.  I had no issues before updating my tablet to android 5.0 Please fix
Love this app but no matter what I do it won't save the font size between sessions. The font it defaults to is incredibly tiny,  almost unreadable. 5 stars once this is fixed.
This was my favorite reader until android 5. Now it is sometimes like evey 10 pages, closing when changing pages.
Too bad you can't read pdf with this,uninstalling
  fbreader  alreader .
Using it without any problem, like it
Brings you back memories of THE GOOD OL' DAYS! Simply love it!!!May I suggest the 'CHAPTER SELECT' function that is most usually equipped with E-BOOK READERS???
Love it!
Flexible easy to use. Allows u the change the size of font, and many more.
I use it on both my tablet and my phone for reading. I just wish there was a way to sync the two. (Online sync is on the wishlist at the site, so hopefully, not too long.)
Best so far but doesn't read pdf files.fix this soon plz.
Great UI love it
Thankie
Design less ducking
Good reader but can you add PDF to formats supported?  Then I would give it 5 stars.
Stable and excellent app, able to read books aloud, looks good, easy on eyes and works really well on my early generation tablet. Highly Recommend !
Can't read Korean character on android 4.4. Title is fine but contents are displaying as ????
Greatest app
It's a great app, but when I upgraded my tablet to 5.0.2, it crashes all the time
You mother***ker
Love it
Unable to download eBook files....shows error 404
good reader app and ads free
Loved it
Correct it and rest it is an awesome reader app.
is the query of septic hoe
    ?   .
Reading made easy
its GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD...............................!
Love it!
So good.
It is unable to read or detect any type of file from phone.
It stinks mean its stupid
Best for all.
Good
This is the best reader I ever used, so I gladly rate it 5-stars. And I'd love to have the Reader do a bit more: I often read same document on different devices and it takes time to find the latest place I read. So, it would be real cool if the app could somehow synchronize the latest position in the text I've left, with my other devices.
     ,  .         .      ,     ,    ,   
I find it a little tacky
I adore this app, but when I exit the font becomes tiny!
it is very fantasy
Great
best reader, I ever used
The best!
Does almost everything it needs, to make reading an hassle free experience. I wish it could sync with my offline dictionary.
Why cant this app open pdf books
Strange that an ebook reader wants my phone number and other phone details
Its my best companion as a regular reader ! Nice background very amazing reading experience yet ..! 5 stars ..!!
I love cool reader! Very good app!
I hate it dont download and wasre your time
Read option is not working properly. Most of the time skip words and paragraph also. Please fix this issue.
My moto g 2 crashes after few days of usage... Hope it has been fixed or will be fixed soon... Otherwise great features!
I can't figure this out! Typed author, then what? Where to go?
The most complete reader app for tablets. Lots of formats accepted, import local files, nice UI. My default e book reader! Congratulations to the developer!
Also please add PDF and this would be the best reader
If a reader can't read all the formats, then what's the point having all these cool tools, I would prefer to have singular app which supports all formats
This is what I was looking for.
Have been using for sometime and this reader just gets better. Did have some crash issues, but now fixed. For free makes it my number one reader.
Very good app. Excellent performance
Great way of selecting words. So nice to find a reader that does what i ask, instead of what Google, Amazon etc want me to do. Easy to customise background, text size, user interface, the action of screen touches... Works well, reliably.
Great
All the letters are read from left to right which is not good  . Hope you could fix it  and make it  to support RTL
Absolutely Awesome app. Easy and User friendly, with Great Results. Thanks to Dev team.
Unfortunately does not read .mobi files. Please do something about this
But useless for reading online literature. When you try to load anything from online libraries, you get 404 or 500 errors. And even when something loads, navigating through it freezes the app.
How can i install dictionary. I've tried fora dictionary from playstore  but it won't work
LOVE IT.
I like this book reader because it cool.
(no sound; text flashing by) Uninstalled and reinstalled, but still no luck
Excellent
Love it and can even read aloud
   ,              ,      .     coolread silver
Ok
I'm using it already a year or so and I don't intend to change it.
App  Not open .pdb and .mobi file
Best app for reading on android
Nice app
It's okay
So bad hate the makers
At is one of da bestttttt
Kindle will not allow me to read some mobi books. Cool Reader works with everything so far.
Excellent, Cool Reader is the best eBook reader on the market.  Can't wait for a Windows 8.1 version
Could not ask for more!
       pdf ?
Its works and is smooth, what else could you want.
Great.
Explore the efficient way of reading
Very helpful
Love it awesome app. Love u man!!!!
Good reader but still crashes often...have to bookmark often because of crashes...
V goood
too good
Very good reader.
This is the worst app if you don't know the series or what the U.R.L. is you can't get  your book.
Its great
Does everything I want fast and easy. A definite keeper.
I use this app and only this app for all the reading I do on my phone. Recommend this to everyone looking for a reader app.
The one which opened up worlds to me without corrupting it with cheap adverts, it helped me through hard times, and I am really thankful for that, as soon as I get my credit card, I am giving an gold donation without thinking twice
Errors 404  500 won't download books os 2.1 -- but fbreader wont even install.  Use spicysquid EbookReader.
!  
Your app crashes every few minutes.
Saved access db to word and this opened perfectly with all columns set correctly
Own book directory as home. So that easier for me to browser my files.
Love this app
Good
Other than crashing/freezing now & then and being unable to read .pdf files, I love it.
Please add PDF reader
Bengali fonts are misplaced in words. Is there anything I can do to fix?
Good for .epub & .mobi version of ebooks.
:)
On android 5.0, there is a small black stripe on the top if I open the app from recently opened applications
I have been downloading a lot of apps that can open a file and all of it failed me I wasted a lot of data and I found this app and saves the day I was close to deleting those files which were impt to me but I had no choice coz its useless anyway. Thanks to the creator.
       -  .     :)  ,          :)
Why can't i change the text color???
Very good software, amazing interface. I'd say better than moon reader. But, the only disappointment is that it can not open pdf files. :-(  would give it 5 stars if you are able to add pdf support.. Thanks..
Thank you so much, Vadim!
I just love everything about it. So far I don't see any problems.  So keep it up! ;-)
Unfortunately lately the app crashes a lot on my s3, while reading fb2 files.
but it crashes on my asus tablet,fix would be wery welcome... :-)
Works great.
it is very good. sadly it doesn't  support new version of Fora Dictionary,  I hope it will someday
Seriously. This is the best ebook reading app I've ever used, rven though I would love if it is updated and can read .docx files as well.
I like the way that the library actually shows the book covers. Mbany times the cover of the book is what makes me decide to read it or not.
Best small size ebook reader ever used.I just found one problem.The contro panel for read Aloud is too big.The volume and Rat control bar occupy unnecessary spaces.If possible  please hide them inside a optional button and make the control panel smaller (Height).    5* App.Keep it up DEV. Thanks : D
This is the best app in the entire play store to me :)
Seem that it is not working  every time I use need to set font size
keeps crashing! would give 5 star if fixed.
My online library doesn't work....
Hate
I installed this because it says it will open .rtf files but it said "can't open"! So I tried Office suite 8 and not only did it open but it even has edit.
No pdf!
Loved it u can read any book usin this book. And its not like kindle where we have to buy books but here we can download any book from torrent and open it here. Again i m sayin it it is awesome
 .    
Best and most comforting to read
Have it installed on all devices, Hasnt failed me yet
Great app but in read aloud mode will stay in scroll page when going back to normal reading mode. Also in read aloud it will miss random sentences and paragraphs.
Now I dont have to buy Kindle or tab.. 4.5 inch phone will do just fine :-)
But how to download supportable dictionary??
Last time I tried out it used to crash. Now its fixed.
It does help get the job done but......drains hell out of battery
Frequent crashes in android 5.0 with not saving last reading page. One of that removed all my saved books. But still sometimes some deleted authors appear in the list.
Best reader app I've used so far.
5 Stars best reader with coolest look!!! :DD
Also crashed system on first start.
Nice app. Would have given  5 stars if it would support pdf. Request the developers to kindly come up with an update to support PDF files as well.
Coooooool
I love this app, but recently it stopped opening my newer .rtf files. They were all made on the same computer in the same program but newer ones won't open. Great app though, if it updates and fixes this I'll be sure to revise my review
So very frustrated that my font/format settings don't stay the way I set them. It used to! I set them big and bold because I read outside on a phone a lot... please put it back or fix and I'll give you back that fifth star!
I've tried many epub readers and I've come to the conclusion that its the best by far
I like this application. Only problem: it crashes regularly on .doc documents (older ms word format). New comment: THE APPLICATION IS STILL CRASHING. The "goto page #"  feature is buggy. When I use the slider, then often does not go to the selected page. I had uninstalled because of the crashing.
All language supported.....
Does everything just the way it suposed to do.
No doubt that it is a very good apps, but I want dictionary. It has menu but dictionary not installed. How to install?
Cool ;);
My favorite book reader!
Love the app but sometime if force close refused to load
Love it
The best ebook reader
I use it everyday, reads all my ebooks, whether from the play store or otherwise. And it's free!
I am very very disappointed with the read aloud function of this app, it's just skipping words, sometimes the whole paragraphs, please fix it as soon as possible
Has issue with reading same line over and over.  Hard to stop it.
Nice app
Best ebook reader
  ,   .
Nice soft
It's my favourite reader but as for the online catalogues, why can't I see all books but only scroll some of the books? And a search function would be great, to be able to search for the book online and such.
Doesn't support Arabic!
No thanks!  Found another app that could.
I really love it but what I dislike is when I open to read txt format stories with more than 1.5 and up MB, it was slow on turning pages and much worst, won't open.
Dig the looks man
Its awesome. I can easily study the large files of .txt and .doc formats. It would be better if unloading .pdf files. But, nothing to worry, i can convert the text in pdf files into .txt on a computer.  Readout loud is also wounderfull. Totally this app developer is worth to be acknowledged.  Thank u very much.
Still The best but pdf is needed
Very very nice... it would be great if it reads pdg file too...  :-)
Reads books for you, reliable, my only reader.
Good, but crushing periodically.
Lots of configuration options and supported formats makes this reader really cool.
App is great. I like its background, Classic paper style. But 1 problem that annoying me is orientation option does not work at all! When I lay down and tilt the phone, app automaticly switch to landcape though I turned off my device auto-rotate screen and set orientation portrait to the app. But still doesnt work. Pls fix it!
I've been using this app for years. Free, no ads. Extremely intuitive hidden brightness slider controlled by sliding your finger up & down the left side of the screen; wish the rest of my phone operated the same outside of the app. You can customize everything: font size and color, background everything (day and night mode), what the hidden grid of nine short and long press screen panels do, etc. Put a bit of time into learning and personalizing and you'll wonder why all your other apps don't work the same.
Until February of this year this was my favorite ereader.  2 upgrades in Feb broke Mobi rendering.  The mobi bug is fixed.  The program crashes at random intervals, frequently enough to annoy but not often enough to call it unstable Still most configurable ereader.  Wish it were as stable as the pre 2/14 version.
I love almost everything about this app. Sure, there could be improvements, but I have no complaints. I especially like having complete control of my library in a normal file structure.
    ,      ,      4-5  .
Great App! No flaws... Buy after the new update the app does not save my prefered setting for font size, it goes back to the font size 30 which is too small, everytime I exit the app
Good reader, but the library view is ugly.
The fact that it actually pays attention to the stylesheet of the epub is great, well done (:*
Excellent...
I love it
After upgrading to Lollipop, coolreader shows Chinese characters as question marks. Hope it can be corrected soon.
I really like this app. I read a lot, and use the read aloud function on my way to and from work. My issue is that I noticed the other day that while in read aloud, it ships large chunks of paragraphs. It'll read the first sentence or two then skips down quite a bit.  Fix that and it's a 5 star app in my books.
Best Reader that I found
Ammm it was 5 stars... But for the last 6 months it was unusable.  With the new fixes,  i can't evan see the  Mobi books that were working fine a year ago. Am i missing something? LE.  i just had to scan the directories.  Everything is brilliant. 5 stars  Thanks
Back to 5 stars....
All is good again. Thanks for the rapid start up crash fix. Respect to Dev!  This app is the business.
Very responsive developer too... Thanks for quick fix!
This app makes my day... Thanks for fixing the crash so soon :)
Yeayyyyyy... my reader is up and running once again.  Thank you!!
#1 reader
Stay cool dude, thanks for a great app. :)
My favorite Reader is alive! Stay  Cool!                                       * * * * *
      . Lenovo Vibe Z. Upd:    , . ,  !
     android5 -    coolreader  task manager'      
Makes reading very pleasant... Thanx
Guys i had the same crashing problem when i updated the last update. Just uninstall the app and reinstall it again. It will work fine. I hope they can find a solution without this process but you can do this till then.
I loved this app till it came time that I wanted to read a pdf. This doesn't support pdfs. With pdf support, this would be the coolest, most awesome reader out there. But I cannot give more than 2 stars due to this short-coming.
Thanks Gergely Kovacs, because of your comment, I was able to solve the crashing problem upon starting the app. I was feeling very down when I thought I wouldn't be able to use this.  So thank you very  much.
I like it but it now often crashes. Had to reinstall.
Best epub ebook reader for Android. Everyone must have this...:-)
SamsungTM Galaxy Note3 SM-N900
X4701grey.
!
Awesome!
It was very good, 5 stars, but today, after the update, it cannot start at all... The fix came very fast. Thank you!
To solve the latest upgrad freezing problem: just remove (completely) the old one and reinstall from the play store again. This worked for my Galaxy S3
 
Update pointless Now it does not  open!! So uninstaled.
   
Please fix as I cannot open app at all
It was great before started to crash on opening. Now can not even open. Fix it! :(
Totally loved this app but now it won't open
Stopped working after update! Please fix the problem! Can't live without this app
Not working anymore
Have loved this app for years but it is now crashing on startup. Please fix!
I will check in every 5 minutes. Waiting anxiously for the best e-reader ever to come back. Correction: not best- ONLY REAL e-reader. CR GL is just not mature enough to replace CR yet. I love CR. Thanks for exellent work over many years.
Cool reader Update today killed the Cool Reader jeeze sounds like a song. Now I am off  to find another.
Have loved this app for years now but the new updated version keeps on crash please fix this
After Updating App, it's crashing continuously.......
Not sure what's going on, but it crashes each time I try to open it. Uninstall.
Got note2.  It has stopped working after the latest update
My favourite reading app, but after the latest update it crashes every time I try and load it.
Wouldn't run at all.
This app need to support prc filetype, only then will i give it 5 stars
The best eBook reading app
Good reading app
I want to open pdf and djvu, but can't. It's sad. All functions work right. I like it
Doesn't read Polish text. Disappointed.
Thanks for ruining the best ebook app.  The new update sucks,  I preferred old layout and find the two page layout annoying,  it's now just another annoying reader like the rest. Luckily I backed up the old version and will reinstall that.
Thanks.Very good apps. Now it can detect my SD card aswell which was an issue earlier.
Only one who can give dictionary extension. You can see the meaning of the word while reading inside this reader. Best epub reader
Can't read pdf files
No PDF?
 !
This is super when coupled with the Ivona Voice! It's surprisingly fluent at reading out loud. The App itself is well-designed and I think it's easier to use than FB reader. I particularly liked how I could re-configure a button to let me read text out loud. Thank you!
Nice one
I'd be willing to pay a lot more for this app. It's exactly what I hoped for! THANKS!
Have been using cool reader for two years, always available and consistently good. Highly recommended.
Absolutely perfect app, no special permissions and plays everything perfectly
Can change font size and font at will, nice :)
Very nice application, good reading app, many formats supported, pretty much if it is readable, Cool Reader will open it. I use this for reading books everyday, and have done so since my Droid X days. Make sure to install one of the donation apps, Gold or Silver. If you have a higher density display device, download the new Cool Reader GL.
Best reading app I know of...
  
Deserves love, deserves respect. Thank  you Cool Reader!
Very useful.
realy cool ap
Please add .docx format
Use Cool Reader nearly every day. Superb application.
Love it best ebook app out there.
I wish I could give it five stars but it has some problems that need to be fixed.  And I wish there was a quicker way to zoom fonts.  But I can find no other reader that let's me read epubs AND can properly read .txt  file books.  With pure .txt books, Cool Reader deals with the wrap around and indentation perfectly and even manufactures a good table of contents and bolded centered chapter titles.  And, very importantly to me, it let's me read in 2 page landscape view.
Is it possible to add djvu read ability?
It still alters the margins when I switch between day and night modes. Perhaps you could offer a "sync day/night" function that retains all settings except for font and background color?
 
   . Lo mejor aplicacion para leer libros. The best of the best!
Nice programme!
Crash on nexus 5 KitKat when opening a chm file, plz fix!
My favorite reader, thanks.
    4.4.2        .    Times New Roman,           .
It is best reader and it is free it as all the function u find in paid app really great
Anyway it is good app.
It does not interprate line breaks correctly. It either ignore them or turn them into paragraphs.
Hello
So cool
add pdf format please ,, it would be great
 Note 4   ...
I have been using this app from last 2 years, Its really great and I was astonished with its TTH feature, which was mainly I am using. Now its not working anymore. It doesn't goes beyond two three paragraphs, it goes in same loop, reading same paragraphs again and again.
It's really coool!!!
Really pleased with this FREE app thats read every book I've thrown at it. Use it daily.
Opds prob can't open online catalogue
Super app!!!
Navigating around a book or simply turning pages is excruciatingly slow on my Nexus 10 which is a fairly powerful tablet. Goodbye Cool Reader...
How do I add sd card to browser? coz my internal is full..
I can't find how to change footnote font size: the menu for footnotes doesn't seem to change it, it seems. But otherwise a great app.
HAS FONT SIZE PROBLEMS, ALWAYS HAE TO BE ADUSTING FONT SIZE FROM BOOK TO BOOK.. ALSO, OFTEN OPENS NEW BOOKS SOMEWHERE TOWARDS THE MIDDLE OF THE BOOK. HAVE TO USE THE SLIDER BAR TO GET BACK TO PAGE 1.
Bad
Been using for almost a year.. haven't found a better one yet that has all the features I need..
Best reader. Ever.
I am reading a .mobi book and the order of the images is totally messed up . The text version and the image version of diary of a wimpy kid don't match at all
Please add pixel by pixel scrolling(Smooth scrolling) and make the interface cleaner!! Thanks!!
Would be better if it worked properly. Crashed while loading mobi and epub. Managed to get pdb loaded, but couldn't get to the page I wanted. Also, attempted 'read aloud', but would always jump back a page. I think this app needs a sort out, it could be good then.
The best e-reader I've used. Puts Aldiko & Moon Reader to shame. Would rate 10 stars if possible. Renders EPUB and MOBI files perfectly, and does so without having to make duplicate files. I just love it.
It is really great :)
Decent for epub format
I've read so many words on you, you sweet little thing. I love you.
Cool
Super
Great app!  Thousands of pages behind! Thank you!
best ever
Very easy to use and handy.
Why is the links inside the book cannot be clicked? Please fix this issue. Thank you very much
It is a very useful app to read books from mobile.
Screen rotation is turned off on my phone but the app still auto rotates when I try to read in bed or so much as tilt the phone to attach the charger. There is no option to disable it in the app...pls fix this issue so I can re-rate.
          .cr3     
Always goes dark on me in the middle of the day. The brightness settings don't make any sense and are impossible to adjust. Why on earth override my phone brightness settings? So annoying!
Reading fb2 for many years with this
Then got new phone. It crashes all the time and will not hold settings.
Love it
I had a poor experience the 1st time I tried this app. Now it is my favorite. I send a link to the app with my eBooks I send out. I especially like the feature of Read Aloud in settings. It works great with Ivona that supplies a natural voice. Together the 2 are the best I've found. Oh, the Read Aloud option in settings looks like a set of headphones. The only problem is if you are listening to a book and touch the screen, it stops reading and goes to read only. Small problem maybe they will fix in the future. Another good thing is you can stop the app and when it restarts it is where you left off in the book. Other apps restart at the beginning of the book.
Why won't book covers show? Hard to decide which book to read when I have to go to the file directory and select the author first. I'm expected to know the authors of all the books in my tablet that I haven't even read yet? Best free app I have found for reading the many formats it does, But best does not equate to excellence when your competition sets the bar so low.
My favorite way to read text and epub books. It was the first reader I tried and I've never seen any reason to switch.
All my books are in pdf format. ...
Same issue on two tablets with shutting down while reading less than a chapter and and if this isn't annoying enough, if I don't continually save bookmarks as I go along it restarts at very first reading point...frustrating! Also I enjoy listening to read aloud while I walk or drive yet maybe 5 pages in it begins to repeat same sentences/paragraphs over and over until stopped and restarted which happens time and again which is a real disappointment...Hope this can be fixed soon or will have to find another.
its cool bcaz its simple
I find the search of book in the device crude at best.  It works though and that's the most important
Awesome
This is a great e-book reader & is sufficient for my needs. Ads are non-intrusive. I only find the home page design (page to which app opens) to be a little quirky. The actual reading experience is perfect though, even on small screen devices like mine.
 ,         .          - : "".      .
GreatUIeasy to use and what not
It works! Thanx
a must have for all. amazing.
   :-)
 !
Nice!!!!!
I love this app very much. It is very easy to use the app, settings are also very easy and comfortable.
Wonderful
Yup! As I said, 5 stars for working better. COOL app as it's name says.
Super LOVE this app!!!
Supports tons of extensions
Simply the best reading application in store.
nice app
This is gago!!!!!
This is really cool!!!Thank you very much:))
Have used this app on several devices and have been very pleased with each usage. Best reader I have found and easiest to navigate.
This is my favorite reader simply because it has so many configuration settings to make reading more enjoyable in multiple environments,  and it's much more stable than my Kindle reader app from Amazon.
The Best Reader for all Formats
This is my favorite app for ebook reading.. It's so easy to use--  :)
Woow fun.. no pdf format supported. What good is it to read?
Its completely unusable. Everywhere there's supposed to be "quotation" marks, there is instead ?question? marks. Fix that and you'll get 5 stars and I'll switch back to cool reader from moon+....... Edit: updated version has the same problem......
Simply the best e-reader!
Great application
This reader is really cool :)
Customizable and easy to use. My favourite ebook reader.
Latest update fixed Mobi format issue. Was, and is again, the best book reader.
Wooooooooooow
I've tried several ebook apps. I think Aldiko is best for pdf docs, but Cool Reader is great for reading the text out loud. Forget about native and Google voice, download IVONA text-to-speech and then download British Amy which integrates perfectly with this app. Now you have a great free ebook reader.
Nice!!!
Some how the app doesn't include my sd card in the app's predefined directories. I am disappointed that  the system dead locks the directories. Even after moving the folder to my phone's internal storage, app just straight out dies trying to format some of the book. Had the same issue with my old phone, app only showed sd card and ignored phone's storage. Worst design ever.
The app has changed my lonely time to a blessing for me. I can easily enjoy the world of literature. Thank you for the wonderful work.
Wish it could read pdfs too.
...add pls .docx support, all my books in docx format, it will take me a lot of time to convert them into the doc in order the cool reader can open them (the number of books is more than 4000), so pls add docx support, it is not difficult i think :)
Favourite book reader
Great app with almost all functions a reader must have
Cool
No pdb books are opening
Worst app
Find it hard to get help with using tools such as voice action
Used to be great. Now will not recognise USB on kit kat. Not worth downloading
It doesn't read or view MS RTF files.
Tried many readers but this offers more choices when it comes to exporting annotations either individually or as a text  file or sending to other apps,  eg Evernote.  Great choice therefore for students and scholars. Will be 5 stars if this latest version has solved the bug where it very occasionally crashes,  taking with it all notes and bookmarks made since it was opened. Developer responds promptly and helpfully to emails.
Not  like the other bullshit apps...this one's great...!
Good
Cool
Best ebook reader for me....reads almost everything. Great customization options
#1 from Google search for a reason, does what it's supposed to do and has useful features...
Cool reader is realy cool
to add books according to how this app works.
I needed this
This app is literally perfect in all aspects!
This is my favourite reader app, fast and supports a ton of ebook formats.With later versions some mobi books appeared in raw html, resolved by downgrading to 3.1.2-33 (all versions can be downloaded from sourceforge, you can find a link on coolreader's homepage) EDIT: fixed in new version, thanks:)
No books choice options
Good aps
Now that .Mobi support is fixed again, this reader returns to the *top of my most-used app list. A few small tweaks like a rearrange-able folder/location bookmark list would be nice, and I dream of being able to reflow/format text from a pdf file one day. But what it already does, it does better than any other reader I know of. :-)
Hyperlinks don't work. What is with the eBook readers? They really lack logical flow of use.
No pdf support?
Ok so you fixed most of the problems and I appreciate that. Some files still have ridiculously large margins and I have to use moon reader on those files, but for the most part this is my favorite reader.
Amazing and thanks.
:-) :-)
Just an easy and customizable e book reader. Handles all common formats. No issues with this app. It does exactly what it's supposed to.
After the latest update, large files cannot be shown
I believe it gonna be coll as the name implies
Nice
The best
Satesvetla matis
Needs to be able to access Google Drive where all my documents are stored to be perfect.
One small bug. When the book is read out, problem with stopping voice. Otherwise great app
No rtl. No hebrew support.
Love it..
Literally nothing cool about this reader
It is an awesome application and simple. User friendly.
She is my lover
I love all the user control in this app.  Being able to choose the background - texture, solid color, etc.; the infinite font color choice; font size and font, just to name a few, but VERY important choices.    Unfortunately, there are some weird glitches, although rare, where a book just will not open.  And I cannot figure out why.  Those few books are formated exactly the same as all the others, and will open in other apps.  But, I'm too spoiled by Cool Reader to enjoy reading them in those inferior apps.  Would love it if the authors would contact me to help figure this out!  WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SHORTCUTS BAR A CROSS THE TOP OF THE SCREEN???
Latest update(3.1.2-48) still crashes on orientation change on moto g
Poor quality chm reading.
Love it....
Althought it is not perfect, but it helps me too much. Easy to read book. Rate 4 stars for this app.
Hindi font is showing????? (Question mark)
Very helpful in reading documents, files or books. Very easy to handle. A must have 
With the new update, looks sooo much better. But some words still are stuck together. Doesn't break up chapters smoothly.  ~Galaxy 4s
Cool Reader deserves 6 starts. Thanks!
The best app on its category.
 .  .
The best book reader for my opinion.
 
Cool
I can read other format not only pdf
Good
Lovely
  htc one m7         .     -    
Where to select encoding
All Thai alphabets become to question mark.
Most of the book's I have read are  really good
Best reader of them all!!!
Reading has never been this handy... Love it.
Perfect app for on the go!
I think it is the best e-reader app. Thank you for considering Nook Touch users. There are still problems with .mobi books: wrong positions of pictures, table of contents is empty. Please, fix. Adding support for docx, PDF and maybe djvu would be great.
It's a great reader and I like the interface. The thing that caused me to look elsewhere though, was being forced to put books in my phone's memory. Cool Reader doesn't recognise the SD card.
A very handy and plesant app. Highly recommend ...
Awesome and useful
I dont like it
Its horible
Najbolji program za citanje knjiga!Ako nesto i ne moze da ocita koristite na kompu program calibre da pretvorite knjigu u formatu kojem zelite.
This app is very very good ..all the features you can tweek makes it very user friendly
The Best book reader for android. But still I miss the option to sync the progress between multiple android devices, and the desktop app.
simple. awesome. This is such a simple and useful app. I'm a big supporter of open source apps. Enjoy using it and like the customizability.
like it very much!
Great fixes in the upd.but you still didn't fix the upside down thing on moto g while having autodisplay on.
I just love it..
Only thing that could make it better is split screen on my Galaxy Note 2. *Hint hint*
   ,     ,  .     ,    ,  ,           .   4
Never had a format issue. Never loses my place in novels, even when switching through a lot of texts. Default page look is very easy on the eyes. Many options for customising. Great app.
I really wanted to like Cool Reader, but I couldn't even browse to my sd card from within the program. None of the "predefined" locations could be used to find it. I could easily browse my sd card from FB Reader or Moon Reader as well as (of course) a regular file browser.
I like this app for it's simplicity.
Xcellent
Any source of previous version?
Problem with change file name /like list of books!
Cool Reader is far the best reader regarding css formatting in *.epub books. Unfortunately, there is bug with quotation marks from Update 3.1.2-48. Languages like german, dutch, dansk, czech, slovak, slovene, hungarian and maybe others use quotes of 99-66 type (&bdquo; and &ldquo;) and opening quotation marks are no more glued with quoted text - reader renders line break AFTER opening quote instead of BEFORE.
Very cool app.  Love read aloud option but can be buggy.
The only thing I would advise as improvement is the bookshelf look, animation/transitions and the GUI to be more "Apple user friendly"
Fine as a reader I guess. However it possess this gorrible interface that looks like it was designed in the windows 95 days.
After the latest update, sometimes, there are no spaces between words. Sometimes, there's no spaces for one whole line. Please seek to this. Still, the app is best for epubs.
Thank you for such a great program! I like it very much! Especially the fact that you can use external dictionary with the program. It would be also great if there would be an option to enlarge the progress line, so it will be possible to see it clearly on HD screen.
Awesome
this app is one of the best ebook reader i ever known but a little slow in reading process
Excellent app no hassles
Cool Reader is a great app for reading, very customisable.
Epub reader
5  .    ,    MS Word  -   . , ,     (    ,    . ),     . Asus MemoPad FHD10 ME302C.
Thanks to the latest fix and return of the mobi format support I have no reason to switch this app to any other ebook reader. Nice app :)
Best simple e-reader available
Does not hang like some of the other app I have used
My favorite reader out there the read aloud combined with ivona make any book an audio book for when im on the road or at the gym.
Program works great, everything you could want in a book reading program.
Keep going lads its fantastic app  
Best reader I have found on the play store
Mobile format fixed - spacibo bolshoi, Vadim
   !!!     pdf-.
Best eReader on the market! Works perfectly!
Great program. The text to speech is super. Always remembers where you left off in a text. One of the main features I just love about this program is the superb text to speech features. With a really good voice you can simply set your device down and just listen all the while you are doing something else. Who needs to purchase a standalone MP3 player then you have Cool Reader. My only request is to make the "Text to Speech" controls user customizable to set the size. It tends to be a little too big on some devices. Highlighted text is often hidden out of view under it. If I could move the dialog labels to the very bottom I could them cut the overall height almost in half and still have the key elements the same size.
Super nice..
Margins broken with latest update, text justifying broken too (letters and words sometimes too close)
I've finished reading books after books...and still!
This is a great ebook reader. It is very customizable. I use it to read html files offline as well as the more usual formats of epub and mobi with a few prc thrown in.
There is one thing i'd really like to have, though, that isn't there. Synchronization between devices. Both for the book files as well as current book position.
I've tried quite a few different, but this one is the best
I got huge left and right margins. Set to 0 both in paragraph settings and in general setting but margins still be large. Tried lot of epubs tried to disable built in fonts etc nothing helped
Easy to use
Read the title...
I like this app. It works perfectly...!
Its ok..
Unable to open any books since the update today. Would give 5 stars if this was fixed
Great EBook reader
Great reader!
Always read books on this app
At least make some changes to the icon plz, it looks awkward when standing along other apps which obey Android design language. Anyway it is still a very good reading app!
Magnificent app to be used
Needs improving n bug fixes....grrrr!
N
I love this for reading short stories in various formats, but beyond that it's a bit dodgey. Still, I keep coming back to it and I like the simple interface.
Good
Tried loading a book, every time I click a button or tilt my device it loads for like a minute before you can see the text again
Nice text display & hyphenation.... unfortunately, text selection can't be set to long press on text
Excellent EReader This is the best e-reader that I've found for Android.  My only gripe is that it doesn't support the small-caps font style.
Continues to be the best free ereader out there.
Its so nice
Earlier versions apparently work with mobi - but not this one.  Problem is not resolved as of 9/8/14.  Works fine with epub.  But the point is to have one that will read both.
I mostly use cool reader to read epub format. And it works well. But while downloading books from opds catalogs, if there is any error, whatever you try, it doesn't happen and the same old error is displayed
Loved this app and previously gave it 5 stars but just lately I get part way through some of the books and it just wont go any further.  Have tried deleting book and reloading but that is not working either.  Its not the book as it works on other devices.  Very frustrating.
Speed of autoscrolling should be made controlled by a reader. Otherwise perfect
Good
Love it
Fantastic app. Although there is a problem after the latest upgrade: fullscreen doesn't work correctly on Samsung Galaxy S, Android 2.1.
Only Android book reader that reads .rtf files
There's a lot of computer code in the text you're trying to read. Don't waste your time.
Every time it updates I lose my page and preferences for background and font.
Just not friendly to use.  Laputa way better.
I love reading and I have tried many different ebook readers for my Galaxy Grand so far. However, they were not as visually attractive and format compatible as I wished. I would only recommend fixing one minor bug that shuts the app down randomly.
Good reader. Add pdf format. Crashes often on Note 3 Neo.
Been using it for over a year
Awesome
thnx for it
Am unable to read books in pdb format. Phone model: Xiaomi MI3
 ,     .   ,   .
For me, since 2009 I installed this app for simplicity and still has until now. Keep up the good work lad, can't wait for your another quality app
  .           .            .     ,   .
Only 4 stars because it doesn't support PDF format.
awesome
Don't use anything else.
Vry nice app
I'd welcome simple voice commands 'next', 'back', 'exit'. And support for .pdf. Otherwise this is my only app for reading.
The best
cant read mobi files....plz fix it
Thank you for you app
This one is remember where you stop before, even if you change to another book. Have a lot if other options , which I don' t use, but very helpful for other's!!! Very easy to use!!!
small app which outperform most other apps for office files!
LOVE IT!! Its my go to reader on every device I own!!
In previous versions this could read mobi files without problems. Now there are html tags all over the place. Bad :( please fix asap
The app works good on sgs2, but not working properly on sgs4, unable to save settings, default fonts are too small.
Cool Reader
Been enjoying for years, but now crashes every time. Cleared cache & data, uninstalled & reinstalled. No go! Help please!
I would like if the app could open pdf files. Otherwise, the app is great
Very simple and stable!
I use to love this app and use it all the time but now I can't use it at all took 30 min to load a book I was reading and now I have to start ever book over won't load where I left off
Good, & they keep improving! Opens just about every format with vast number of options.  G5, Galaxy Tab,  Kindle,  Nook.
Used to work with mobi files great... now just shows HTML code .... dumb.
This is the best E-Book Reader I find for Android. I already tried many and I recommend this to all.  So, don't waste your time trying others. Download it straight away. I assure, you will not be sorry.
This app used to be brilliant have deleted it now as it seems unable to read .mobi files, keeps putting in html codes
great apps
Very helpfull
It has a lot of features and it is very easy to use. There are problems with recognizing words in some books I tried to read
This reads most ebook and document formats easily. The layouts of some types of ebooks can be a little weird on this but still readable.
No pdf support
I cant moved my ebooks here.
Love it......
Dunno why. But uninstalled after not fixing it.
In my opinion this is the best, i say this after trying many readers.
What the hell??????it can't be downloaded
Why not pdf, thats crazy
A zia ve pah reng
Can't touch-select links, keeps turning page.  I assume there is a way to change the features but not sure if I'll figure it out before finding another reader I like better.
Does all it says. Smooth and sleek highly recommend.
What happened? This was the best reader around,  now all my books have html tags all through them and are unreadable.  I look forward to giving this 5 stars again soon
Text select. (by tap) is rough, conn. to online selectable dict. is lacking, integr. with TTS very poor. Moon + reader (free v. included) is better on all the line.
No problem so far...
Have it on phone and tab it's the best
Has many options i need and similar to ibooks for iphone which im used to. I just switched phones and this is a great ebook reader for my downloaded pdf's.
A great reader if the crash issue is really fixed.
Best reader ever
Wonderful
Very good. Never crashed. Never lost bookmarks.
Earlier I had some problems, but I discovered that the problems were with the files. The app itself is fully functioning.
Like its name its a very cool reader! I tried other readers but I love this &lt;3
Opens book, the intersects text with computer code, what the?,;
Finally a .mobi reader for android... +5 if Formatting gets better
I have this app on all my devices. Been using it without any problems for years. Dont look elsewhere. This is one of the good ones
Interface is better than Google Play Book reader and Kindle reader app. Supports most of the format.
Useful
Simple yet cool. :)
Love it as a reader for epubs
Loved the reading part.  Easy to read.  Wish it had more of a bookshelf organization. Mostly wish it would read pdf as most of mine are in that format
Used to love cool reader .Now everything is in some computer code
3stars for old time'sake.Used to love this reader.Now it doesn't even read .mobi format ebooks,it shows html source code every time you open an .mobi book,i tried unistalling and reinstalling it,didn't solve the problem.Plse fix it.
Brilliant!
It used to be good but every book I load up is in gibberish. Lots of //$$$##^^ in between words. I will be uninstalling this from my note 2.
Thank for the great app. The best reader app so far
Excellent
Great !
It just crashed everytime
Good
I love to read and honestly this is perfect
Cool Reader
Can't open pdb format
good for reading saved file automated scanning shld be included
previously the app (when it's reading aloud) would have skipped the line when there was only a word (annoying because you miss that part). However, now it simply stops. this is just unacceptable,  I can't listen a whole chapter.
It has to be the worst possible reading experience on this earth having the book you're reading shut close on you, and then going back to it to find out that your mark was lost.  This app crashes too frequently: useless.
I can read notepad without having any trouble
its cool what else can you say.
My books now all have weird html coding. Utterly useless now.
A great ebook reader, lots of options in the settings menu, one of the best I have used, well deserved 5 stars imho
Was great...now I wish I could give negative stars
One of the best.
Was brilliant! !! Now after the last update, it crashes after every few minutes.. Please fix this.
Nice job
It is very useful,easy to use and much better than any other reader!
Fat with a nice interface and nearly as much customization as Moon Reader.
Good  for reading  epub files
It crashes a lot recently. Otherwise it has always been a nice app
My fav
Simply put, this is the best ereader app I've come across.
I'm using galaxy note 2. After updating new version all my books appear text coding then I cannot read them anymore. Please fix  it asap
   
I love this app.should have given 5,but most of the time it crashes and open with a new oage
First book I tried to read was a .mobi format and it came up as code. Waste of time.
An awesome app....but in the new update mobi files don't open for me..
awesome
This use to be a great program. But it keeps reverting to whatever. I set it up the way I want and it goes back to default. I know its a free program but if you want to do a pro version then put some type of lock or load preferences.
Best app for reading/listening books, text documents with many customised features.
The best reader I ever tried. Like the layout a lot.
Bad for Chinese
Whenever I close the app the text size reverts to 72 and I always have to change it back to my preferred 40. There needs to be a way to save your preferences. Or if it's there then it needs to be easier to find. Other than that, great App!
Awesome...!!!
Very simple but always stable and working. Can't complain.
Great tool Gordon reading files.  Great font, and file controls. Just wish it would not jump to end of file if I leave my finger on page too long. But still the best!
Please fix it.
Simply the best reader ever, I tried many but cool reader is really cool and it reads .enub perfectly, although while opening lee's jack reacher book series its showing all kind of html codes (for text size n all) apart from that its still the best, bravo team dev
Will give 5 once it's fixed. Happens more than 5x/hour. Hang and jump back 50+ pages. Please fix it as I really love this app and don't want to change to other apps. Tried reinstall. Still the same. This happens after the update
Has been on at least 7 phones. Works great.
Fantastische, best Reading app
:-)
But after last update I noticed that it start to crash. UPD: looks like issue fixed. Thanks (:
    .    .      ,      .      .             
True to its name, cool!
Good app
I had a downloaded book and I couldn't get it to .Show on my Kindle app.It was the right format .But it wouldn't, I downloaded this here.I had no problems pulling up my book on this .Great book app!
Great app for epub files
Awesome
Same problem as someone else reported it shows text plus computer code. Same file reads perfectly on Moon reader. Will have to delete this app.
Does its job perfectly. Add a book to the device, Cool Reader displays it. That's all that I need. There are enough options to allow a lot of personalization, but it doesn't sacrifice utility or ease of use to provide those options.
Html tags everywhere :(
Won't open up this app wasted a lot a mb for no reason
I don't get tired of reading on my tablet thanks to this app and all it's features
My favourite reader!
Excellent!
The best.
I have been using the same  app for some time on a galaxy s2 and moved to  a  galaxy s5 but the font size has become ridiculous. Size 30 is barely a thin black line and size 72 is the same size as the icons at the top of the screen please  sort this out or I will be forced to find another book reader
A disturbing virus affected app which dont let you to change you even option..annoying..fucked..
For some reason, im no longer able to use this app. Was great but now computer formatting makes it impossible to read any mobi files.
I have used this app for about 2 years and this is the best app for reading books on Android. The experience has gotten even better on my Note 3 coming from my S4.
Great reader. Sometimes crashes and doesn't always keep the last book
Need important but cool now it works on my Samsung tab 3 and on my  s4 mini perfectly. It dose some times kicks me out but I can just go back in and it let me in. All in all it is a good app but not as good as a normal book.
I like its read aloud feature.
THIS APP IS BETTER OFF FOR TODDLERS
This used to be may favorite ebook reading app, but lately, it's defaulting to an italic font, and won't remember my font face or type size settings from one run to the next. I emailed the dev, but got no response. Maybe he only cares about the new Cool Reader GL now?
Uninstalling since it is not working with pdb files
Love this app...
Whenever I open a mobi file it also shows the code that modifies the text. This is a huge issue. I love the app on all other counts and will raise the rating if this improves.
I've got html code instead of text in all .mobi files
Amazing
Loads of options, and best of all: it's free.
Animation does not work as expected (as in previous version). Book page is re-displayed 3 times. Can be corrected somewhat by switching animation off in development options
This app have the the most functions, and the best, for reading ever. From the basic text-flow that's super useful to instant light adjustment to the read-aloud, which almost as good as having an audiobook. This is not 'cool reader', its AWESOME reader!
It does what it says it does. Doesn't read docx format though
Awesome app
I hate this app I cant download the books off the website I want needs a major jpdate snd if it cant high light plz fix that too thx worst app I ever seen so far dont downllad this
Doesn't read files properly that it claims to support. Just a bunch of symbols and nonsense.
yh
I liked this program before, but now I'm trying it on my Nexus 7 (running 4.4.4 stock Android) and there's all sorts of code displayed instead of rendered.
Nc...
Pdb not supported
Why access personal data / info?
Does perfectly what it is meant to do and extra features make it even better
Ok
just use 3 year.
Gani
I'm just loving reading books through this App..
I've been using this for ages its really good I recomend it for everyone
fine
Amazing app. Especially the read aloud command
I don't know how to live without you cool reader! By far the best ebook (be it mobi, epub or pdf) reader. 4thumbs up!
It's nice I do like the set up but it keeps force closing and i have to force stop it to get it to work which makes it go back a lot, sometimes whole chapters and the fact it does not work with mobi files sucks
My favorite reader
    .        .
Gewd!!!
Switched to the new phone and CoolReader stopped to save font size settings. I set it to 48 but after some time it resets back to the default.
Does everything you'd expect a good reader to do.
Great features, but the UI is horribly dated.
Too many frills not enough functionality
Nice app but it crashes regularly and I keep losing my page. It's got so bad that I exit my book every few pages to save my page, in anticipation of a crash. Fix this and get 5 stars!
Sometimes jumbles up epub books. Usually fixable by restarting.
Easy to use...
Doesn't work with Samsung 10.1 anymore. Used to be great. Not now.
This is my all-time favorite ebook reader. Very user-friendly, no annoying ads. It would've been perfect if only it supports pdf files. Devs please update.
Love it VADIM LOPATIN love the app
   
This is so good
Instead it display the html tags...  Other readers able to open without problem...
It can't find any of my pdf files,so i now use Adobe and i have no problem.
Used to be great, but now its totally messed up with .mobi format books - showing html like stuff around every paragraph making reading totally impossible. Please, please fix
Just need an option to save set up
Why is there code everywhere? Useless. Uninstalled.
Crash all the time
Very good. I wonder when I open Cool Reader, the status bar still on. I have set it to full screen. Please look at it.
I really love this its easy to use . It helps me a lot especially when reading . Its very comptible with .txt i l
THE BEST ebook reader!  Tons of options,  remembers where you left off on each book, etc.  Love it!  Tnx dev.
Hollahollaholla My erotic tony stark x Justin beaver fanfiction is easy to read now!!!!n
I used to be able to read my pdf on this but now they don't even show up on the list of books anymore please fix
Worked fine till update, now broken, turns itself off every 5 or 6 pages, pretty much unusable
Shows formatting characters embedded in book text making the book unreadable.
Use it when I need to read, looks nice, but it's hard to find if you want to change anything, properties need to be simplifies and categorized from user perspective
Its one of the best reader I have come across on the android platform. keep it up please.
Have only used this ereader for years but it has satisfied my needs for an ereader. I especially love the control of lighting when reading. Highly recommended.
Good app but can't read books in mobi format after the update. Please resolve this.
Reqire 2 improve
Displays code now after update,
This was one of the best readers. Now it's very slow and unstable.
Stops virtually every time I read a book since the last update. Happened 3 times in the last 10 minutes! Update - months later & is still crashing out & losing my place every few minutes! Looking for a replacement reader!
       ,  ,       ?       .
it crashes suddenly in big ebooks files!
Poor and slow
I must be lucky.  I've not had any of the problems other reviewers write about.  I use this daily and love it. I use it as a reader with calibre companion as my library organizer and it works well. The file open function is a bit limited but calibre fixes that. The interface is clean and uncluttered.   The touch screen customisation is good and the brightness option is really handy.  (Nexus 4 on 4.4.3)
I like this app, but the latest version terminates quite often. Samsung Galaxy 10.1 2014 edition.
Doesn't support many languages. .
I feel to read more on this reader.  Makes uninteresting topics or books interesting with the font and color.
Downloaded this after seeing some favorable comments. Not impressed. Its rather different in terms of layout which I guess is a matter of preference. However I couldn't seem to find a way change the wooden background which appears not only in the reader but as a background to all pages in the publication you are reading! Weird!  Text was tiny even on a large tablet. No hyperlink navigation as far as I could tell.
This was a great reader and recommended to my students. Mobi files still unreadable due to the HTML showing up throughout the text.
Have used it for sometime now and I am very impressed easy interface and a nice backgrounds and fonts still by far the best of all the readers and now the problem with mobi and html have been resolved .very easy to use and the adaptive background removes the strain in night mode ..well done
Really like the background texture (paper 1)
I've been using Cool Reader for a few days & am very happy with it!  It supports a lot of ebook formats, is free, is easy to use, & allows me to have my library on an sd card instead of using device space.  Have had no problems on kitkat.  Thanks for a great product!
Good app!
No continuous scroll. Like most other android ebook readers, it inexplicably limits you to a false page-turning style of reading. It does have a pseudo-autoscroll feature, but it's not what it should be. Uninstalled.
Loved it, then the update ruined it. I went from only reading at home to reading everywhere.  Please fix and add a reset or default feature and I will rate it a 5
That even doesn't support Arabic or Korean ..
I have changed device and can't get the same app with my books on the new one.Help...
It looks like a cool app, and almost read the rtf I wanted to read, but lacks an ability to select gbk character eencoding.
Used to work perfectly. Now it's a mess. Screens unreadable due to all codes beng displayed.
I don't know if it's a kitkat problem or something. There must be a workaround though
I like it
Sux
Alright let me start with the bad: not a PDF reader and looks really weird when you install it. Then there is the double edged sword of options: this app is very customisable and that is not an option. To make it work for you we're looking at 10 to 20 minutes of tweaking. Pay a particular attention to "tap zones actions" in the menu as it explains the behaviour of the reader. Once you've mastered that you can hit the "fullscreen mode" check box. With appropriate font, theme and function it's great.
But it stopped every i opened a book, after the first use...
Great app but with the latest update mobile format became unreadable. There are some html like codes between the lines, please fix it and I'll give 5 stars again!
Needs to have a return to default settings.
Goog
great for reading books
Powerful customisable and let me read all of my books so far. Does not act on hyperlinks in html books. Sometimes buggy when loading before sdcard is mounted makes it forget saved bookmarks
Doesn't handle all .mobi files.. Cannot open all files..
My two main favourite libraries included to help me  downloading, plus text to speech function. Great in that it shows the way which part of you can hear in the same time.  There are "too much"  good things yet to mention them. One more I want to mark....the look like. Beautiful, relaxing to watch and soft for the eyes (and soul too). English is my second language, still in poor level. LOL This reader a perfect choice for me. :) Thanks for the developers. Well done! It is REALLY COOL! ;) :)
BEST ebook reader.
on my S3, i can see it works but just a 3mb file totally destroys it and it is too lag to flip pages
Just what i wanted,real nice and fully loaded
Does everything that other eBook readers do and then some. Can open more formats then any other, but not all. Some, like Kindle, are proprietary to that format and are not open source. But otherwise, this application does the most. Highly recommend it for general eBook reading. No problems found so far. Thx.
Read aloud feature with volume and speed control is very helpful.
Awsome app. I can literally read everything.
Nice app. Love it. Has add bookmark option. To me very nice. Office mobile cat start so no need for other app for doc files
Have tried quite a few other readers but always come back to  this one. But seem to be getting a lot of crashes when trying to access books on my SD card. But can't find another reader as user friendly. Still wish I could store my books in the catergories I have filed them in; eg. Crime thrillers, bios, history etc. But still the best for me.
Actually works
It's a cool reader, but it cannot get table of contents. I hope next build will fix this. Thank you
Best reader
It's unable to open .rtf file
Every thing works perfectly
Excellent
great app
Good song
Use it all the time.  Only app I use for reading.  Just one thing to suggest...  Would like to be able to delete all bookmarks at once, instead of one at a time.
Thanks for the awesome app. Read all my ebooks on here. No problems so far
Fantastic!! Everything I needed. ...and for free???? Easily five stars.
Does not support RTF format as promised. Ignores almost all formating, and makes the documents very hard to read.
Love this.
Doesnot support files: doc. EPub, text !!!1!!
A+ great
This used to be a 5 star app. After the last update things have gone downhill, I am afraid.
Great eReader. I use it to read Project Gutenberg eBooks on my Sony Xperia Z1 Compact with Android KitKat.  However, I was surprised to find that although I can browse a selected list of books from its on-line catalogue, by "Most Popular", "Latest" and "Random", there appears to be no way to search the Project Gutenberg catalogue for specific books or authors!  I am forced to access the PG website directly and download books that way.
i found this app very usefull. thank you for making this one :)
It works well and thare  are no ad's so that is also good
I do love this app for reading because it's so customize-able. I don't like looking for books, though. I wish there was a 'recently added' shelf, and it is very annoying that you can't just go into the author's who start with L. you have to go to L then LE then LET and on down the line. I'd like to be able to view all the titles which begin with S at once. Then it'd be perfect. For reading, I've tried all the others and this one wins without any fight. Love it.
Crashes incessantly. I can't open my txt files at all.
It saidnit can read pdb files, but it cant..... please fix this, i'll give you 5 stars
Has amazing applications easy to control many things to make me enjoy my reading, one of my favorite apps. Cool reader is a COOL app!
Was working great then while reading a book it got really dim and hard to read.  Samsung Note 3, Android 4.4.3. Screen brightness set to manual, 75%. Changing it makes no difference.  Can no longer use reader...
Terrible hard to use, I prefer aldiko.
I haven't seen any other book reading application as good as this one. Awesome.
Used to love this app but now I get these weird punctuation symbols instead of spaces , paragraphs etc in the text of my books. Other devices of mine do this too so it must be a bug rather than settings or my files Shame, will now look for another reader.
This used to be perfect. Everything worked, easy to use, many ways to change the reading experience perfect for you. Then the update came, and mobi files became unreadable.
Used to be a great reader but after some updates, every few days, for no explainable reason, the app resets itself to default!! Loses all settings, including where you're at with the book you're currently reading and deletes all recently read books! Total tosh!
    .  , !
All the options you could  possibly need! Low battery consumption. Highly recommended
      .
This used to be an awesome eBook reader, not no more. I had to uninstall. Will now look for alternative :(
Love it. Only problem is that occasionally it switches itself off and looses the page. But it is minor problem.
I had used it for quite some time, but stopped a few days ago. :-(
Great app, but the latest update has left it unusable for me.
all I can see is the format file. I don't want to wade through css sheets or html to be able to read my books.
This is cool
Great app. Would be great if it read pdf
Was my favorite but now worthless - all the books show html code...
Xperia Neo L
Of all the eBook apps I've used, this has been the best one! Love it! I've been using this (among others) for the last 6 months... No complaints.
Says it works with mobi files, it doesn't.
Im using this app sinse ling bt sinse last update thrs wiered problem in it the text of book(.prc file) is complemented with some comupter code fr eg    Plz fix ths error....
Best reader application
Used to love it but on my new phone (Gslaxy S 5 w Android 4.4) the font size keeps resetting.
The only thing missing is odt support
I love this app
It never let me download
Why I can't read file .prc, not appear true text format
I picked on Cool Reader because it can deal with books in the Palm Doc (pdb) format. And because it's a SourceForge project, and a lot of good stuff comes out of SourceForge.  I don't imagine being able to find a better reader. It does everything I look for in a small-screen reader: customizable screen orientation and page turning, night mode, adjustable font sizes and weights, backgrounds -- the whole bit. In fact, I haven't found any serious flaws. It has behaved flawlessly on my Nexus S. I rarely give a 5-star rating, but this one is an exception. And looking around on the Google Play Store, I find Free eBook & reader looking strangely like Cool Reader. Sho 'nuff, there's an acknowledgement on that page that shows the latter is based on Cool Reader.
Stopped seeing my add on flash memory card after updating to android 4.4.2. On Lg G pad. Before it was great. Hope you will solve this issue. On another program, all is fine. I'll have to use the other application for now.
Can't read mobi files. Totally screwed. I used to love this app. But now I have to find another one.
Good
Love this app. It has been nice being able to read books again!
Chokes on some .mobi books that work in other readers, and squishes the first column of tables in a .epub book. Status bar is really good, though, and you can configure margins.
HTML or XML tags showing up everywhere in text. Totally unreadable. Can't believe this software is even available in this state!
Attractive interface even though I don't like the simulated old paper look while trading.  However the epub and mobi files I tried could have been formatted better.  Other readers displayed them flawlessly.
Was better before update. Now can't read my .mobi books.
Showing code in text
Didn't open my mobi books
Excellent eBook reader.
Fix it please, your reader was the best
The one thing I neded it for.
I tried to use this for txt files, as I can read txt like reading books.  But seems the author didn't really concerned about it. Most of time,auto formatting of txt totally messes up the contents, like taking short phrases as subject, making them big bold font. Very annoying. On top of that, everytime I open a new txt, I have to disable it and cannot set it as default. Also, font and encoding does not work well unless I turn on that stupid auto format.
It is handy and takes up a little memory.
Hebrew is reversed
Was a 5 but this is horrible, odd characters all over the place . No chapter titles  and regularly loses bookmarks. This goes for previously perfect books, not just new ones. Any one know of cure for this problem or how to remove update?
Khas nhi h
Waste not reading chm files
 
One word: excellent..
thanks  for this excellent app
It is not supported .docx format.why? But support .doc
It has so much potential. Sometimes the TTS reader, reads the same paragraph 2x before moving to the next. The night/day mode seem to toggle on their own and same with the page scrolling. Almost like its got a mind of its own. Weird but atleast the TTS works to a certain extent. Needs improvement. The page orientation keeps resetting to scroll. It's annoying. Switched to FB READER much better. Won't reset my page location which is what it does with cool reader.
Excellent
This app started out awesome. Best ebook reader I had tried. But it's been going downhill since. Has been crashing every five minutes today.
Best e-book reader by far! The ability to set the 9 touch sections is great. You can set it up to can hold phone in either hand and flip with thumb. I have most turn next page, but long press gives page before centre section long press get options, day/night toggle and exit a lot of settings but then you get the perfect e-book reader for you, plus can read all my collection of palm books :-)
Its a good app try it
I really liked coolreader because it has so many customizations but recently it keeps crashing whenever I try to do anything other than turn pages while reading.
This app I very poor and not what I had expected
Excellent! Just what I was looking for...  I'd like to donate, but there is no PayPal option...  No problem with epub format, slight problems with prc (MobiPocket) format... Strange... On LG V500 (G Pad, KitKat 4.2.2.) it can NOT access SD card...
Unable to load chm files.... Exits automatically midway between loading....
love it
Mast re
Was a huge fan of this app, but ive just updated it and now most of my books have a computer code through them which makes them unreadable, very disappointed :( hopefully this can be fixed soon so I can enjoy using the app again.
This is the best app ever. I had read very much books on it but it will be very good to add *.pdf.
Everything you would expect in an ebook readee
V.v.v.v.v.good But inprove it reading effort
it has a nice font back ground. flipping pages is easy too.
No PDF reader
Its fast, easy, and customizable.  My favorite reader.
Is good.
Doesn't read mobi files anymore
I found a better reader app after this one crashed all the time. It didn't do a good job of keeping track where you were so I was doing more searching than reading
Can't read books in my y300 huawei. Useless. crashed when i open
Best reader I've ever seen.
 galaxy note 3             .
I used this app for a while, but i won't anymore, as - after upgrading to KitKat- it doesn't see my external SD card, where my books are stored. Shame...  Update: new version hasn't got this issue, problem fixed, thanks a lot! Five stars again.
I use the tts feature a lot since it allows me to still be able to read books while doing chores at home. Lately though, there are some books wherein the tts feature just goes back to previous paragraphs and repeats it over and over and does not move on anymore even if you reset it and place the marker on the page you should be reading next. Shoutout to the developers, i hope this issue can be fixed. :) thanks!
Very buggy app and very messy interface. Fbreader is a way better than this.
Boring sucky like heck
can't read uth-8 coding characters
Cool app
But problem with.mobi files
I'm not a fan of the woodbackground, any iit's little laggy when you change book.  Reading mechanics pretty good, easy to go forward and back.
Nice one that u love it
Cannot imagine a better ebook reader for android.
Upgraded to Gal Tab 3 7 Now .mobi files load eith HTML code making reading impossible.  Fix this and it's back to 5 stars Gary
Slashes and other HTML marks are being read as part of the story.  It used to work fine when I first started using it
Nice work. Keep on
Congratulations for making this, as it supports many useful file types. Though I wish there was an option to resize the page we are reading and most importantly I believe u should fix the quality of a page!
I've uninstalled the univervesal reader or ub reader for this.  The turning page animation is perfect. I can adjust the font just fine as well as the brightness.  I also like their theme.
I Only used cool reader, but lately it just shuts down and from what i can see i am not the only one. So when i started it would have been a 5 star but now only 2
Supports multiple formats
It does pretty much anything you might want if you take the time to configure it. I just miss PDF support which requires me to have a secondary application.
Handy having something that copes with most formats out there, including epub & prc- a sort of readers Swiss Army Knife.
Bad chm
Very much bugs and errors. Delete. HTC one
Fake
Recommend
     rtf. ,  :3
Fine for reading books you already have stored but can not search for anything online and the few it has are in another language. Not very user friendly I don't think.
Can't open mobi file in my xperia z1s.
Nice and smooth app
Its super cool ;)
I have been using this application for few months now. Suddenly few days back it started showing up HTML tags in the book (mobi & epub) format.  very frustrating. Please fix.
No PDF support
One of the best readers.
after you read one page, it will not sync back to same page... page alignment changes frequently..
I needed a reader that would do a bunch of different formats and this one came up in the search.  I have files in HTML, PDF, and ePub and this reader works well with all of them. One disappointment is that the online catalogs section does not support HTTPS. Not sure if this in the works or not, but if this reader could link to my KindleCloud books as well, that would give it a 5 star for me. The interface is nice, there are a ton of customizations available and it remembers the last place you were reading in a number of different books which is extremely handy since I usually have two or three going at any one time.
I've tried a lot of readers, this one is the best in Google Play! Lots of options and formats.
Good
fix the MOBI or take it off yr list!
I love this app!
Have used this for a long time.
Fantastic
Excellent customisable  ebook reader with awesome old paper like backgrounds.  Antialiasing.  Various different fonts.  And overall decent interface.  One complaint.  For some reason page turning is exceptionally smooth with my older Galaxy s3. With the galaxy s4 it's  very choppy.  Ended up disabling the animation  but I miss it.  Hopefully this will be fixed  in time.    Still a great ebook reader.
This app is very good. I simply love it.Thank You for producing such a nice app..
Last update broke it. Page breaks and formatting data appears in books now.
UI needs work. Does not support unicode.
Nas Interface
Coolest Reader, wld be a better name. Kudos!! Thanks UX experts..!!
Please fix MOBI. Then this will hit 5 stars again.
I've been using it for a long time.  Better UI would be great,  since fast changing of options can be tricky - still best reader out there.
    
However it has cool features... its promising...
Crash crash crash
I have read tons of books with this app, but all of a sudden when I put a book on here there is a whole bunch of code and bits of book all jumbled up...please fix...
The only reading app i use... And i read many hours a week
UI sucks. Does not open chm properly. Author should review his coding & its logic. But I will appreciate the efforts the author has put.
Awesome
My favorite of all readers thanks guys!!!
Fantastic
simply the best reader
Was a great app. I foolishly gave in to its endless requests to update itself and now page is unreadable due to display of all formatting commands.
I found it.. The best txt reader for andriod.. Its so very useful... Your so genius  guyz... Keep up the good work.... No problem for me... So smooth.. Easy to use.... Thnx guyz.. Love it...
Easy to use, is what it says.
Coolest eBook reader ever!
nice features and beautiful graphics but buggy performance, slow, with broken scroll and visual tearing
Recently installed on Nexus 7.  Virtually unreadable. Used to be good. Hopefully update will put things right.
Great App For Reading .epub Files.TySm
I like the auto chapter breaking function based on the numbers in brackets (i.e, [1] ),  but it seems that the apps can only count up to 9? I have a 26-paragraph text doc numbered from 1 to 26 that way, but the app merely displayed 9 and merged the rest into the 9th paragraph.
Please leave this app alone and quit f-ing it up. HTML everwhere cant read anything. Un installed reinstalled no help. Installed old version off of website again (third time u guys have screwed it up) works like its supposed to.
The best reader i have found yet.
Why it can't support TTS function in English.. There is some other language
Some weird code (html-like) is displaying when I open mobi books. A huge dissipointment, rated one star .
Please, add Spritz like feature
When I was first using this app, everything worked perfectly. Then I did a factory reset and reinstalled and for some reason, Cool Reader won't read the e-books code. Between the paragraphs it says  etc. I've reinstalled again and it just isn't formatting correctly anymore. I've messed around with all of the settings and can't figure out why. It is not just with 1 book either, it's with my entire library.
This sure is a cool reader.  It would be awesome if text to speech could read a tad bit faster.  Also regardless of playback speed text to speech seems to pause equally on periods.  It makes for a distracting long pause when playing back fast.
Cant read mobi format
Hangs when trying to browse filesystem. :( -1 star.
This version doesnt display properly MOBI files@#!?#@!
Great
Very very nice
Good reader. Reads just about every format. Takes a bit of getting used to though.
Best so far and i'm continually using it. I just hope this also reads lit formatm. It would be great if that happens.
lovely app for book worms who are always on the go.
Was a 5 star app until it stopped working with mobi files and it will be again as soon as that issue is resolved.
Leaves formatting gibberish in the text of books.
       ,  .  ,      ,    .
Table and its data not properly rendered for chm file.
Hate it
some mobi files are now full of html! used to love this reader. please fix it!
This app is a must have for bookworms. :)
I want to keep it, but I need something that will also read PDF files!
But it does need some work particularly with the TTS it goes maybe at most half a chapter and then starts from the beginning of the chapter, no matter where it actually started from
It was good before update to Android 4.3.. Note it's crashing on start :(
I couldn't browse to my books on my sd card
Very good app.. But recently continuous crashing on lenovo p780... Please update
So many settings. If you don't like something, you can probably change it in settings. Reads my favorite book types; epub and prc (mobi).  Only one complaint. Since switching to a Note 3, font size 72 looks like 16 did on my previous phone. I think CoolReader is using Android's DP or pixels instead of SP for in their code.
Used to be very good but after recent update all files are unreadable and displaying mark up text code in the reader
Very useful...Thanks Developer.
I like reading books so this app is just for me
Without any reason app stops all the time. I decided to give a chance to this app,  but after the fifth crash I deleted it.
PLEASE FIX!!! Since last update, app now constantly force closing as as well as having problems with the read aloud function. Read aloud now takes very long pauses sometimes and also stops randomly.
This app may be great to read ebooks but not good enough for txt files. It stuck in opening about 20% of a 10M txt file. My primary need of this app is to read txt files. With this size limitation, I uninstalled it after a few minutes of trying.
When i install it , it just read text files..
I would like to give 5 stars if you add epub description description so there will be sinopsis story of the epub
After update,  app useless now as  shows html codes on text. Same books work fine on Kindle app, which is better overall anyway now. Older versions of CR work, but not compatible with sd cards and kit kat. No response in support forum for weeks.
Chokes on mobi format, can't make sense of calibre server opds. Pity, because otherwise nice smooth reader
Waste of time
Can't figure out how to change the voice option for the Text To Speech. . Annoying sounding Computer female voice.  I don't know if it's using the Google TTS. But my Samsung TTS sounds much better, more like a real audio book. Back to using Moon Reader.
I used to love cool reader and suggest the app to everyone now books have this weird computer code that makes it hard to read. Its happened on more than one device. I have an Asus fhd.  I have no choice but to go to moon reader instead.
Since the last update whenever I use the read aloud function and exit, the app stays in scroll mode, instead of returning to the default page mode.
Used to love it, read lots of books, but recently all my mobi books became unreadable. What's with you guys? Pls. fix it! Don't wanna change to another reader. By the way, when I changed from SGS3 to SGS4 paperbook style page animation became unbeareably slow. Is it because of the resolution possibly?Can you handle this?
maybe .chm too large
Best app for reading
One is it showing the coding and 2 I want smooth reading for the read aloud feature 3 load time fix these and I will give u 5 stars
Old version was really good but now formatting always visible with mobi. Needs a lot of work to get it back where it was.
Does the job!
I've been using this for more than a year.  It was working perfectly until the latest update. My. Mobi files are messed up with all the codes included in the text. Apart from that I'm quite content.
Unusable as it shows HTML tags. Sad because it was the best by far!
I think pdf should also be added in this then this app would be awesome
My phone have limited languages preinstalled as a result cant view the text of an epub korean hope u have an option to install such
Best ebook reader I've come across. Been using it for years now and I haven't found another app that delivers like this one. Keep it up.
Used to love Coolreader, now have to find something else. All my books show up as HTML code or HTML formatting - this is not good. I can sometimes make it work by converting my mobi books into txt, but it's another step I shouldn't have to take. Author - Please fix.
Opens just about anything
The latest updates have resulted in strange html-like formatting instructions appearing in the midst of my mobi format books text on my phone. It was a good reader and perhaps I could still use it, if I convert everything to epub format. However, I Just switched to a different reader and it works perfectly. It is sad when updates add bells and whistles, but fail to do the original main task correctly!
It was my favorite app, but now I need find a new book reader because it makes the HTML tags visible on mobi's and will not save personal settings any more- Droid Razer HD
Super
App worked great before the recent updates. Seem to have a particular dislike of .mobi files since all either no longer open or open in encrypted non legible formats. The TTS my favorite feature will loop on the same paragraph forever. Hope these bugs get fixed. The app was very good untill all this.
Was excellent now awful files now just come up as gibberish. Please revert to mid 2013 version. Seems like it has been ruined deliberately. Other paid apps are rubbing their hands in glee. The best has just become worst..... Don't accept updates for app. Updates are app-killer. Now using FBReader & Moon+ reader.
The app is both smart about searching for documents, and flexible. Display of documents is good. There are minor glitches: it occasionally jumps several pages ahead, apparently because I'm accidentally tapping while reading; and once in a while, the backlighting suddenly changes to a very low setting, so it's hard to read.
Simple format, easy to use, plenty of settings, low consumption.
this is a good app has been for a long time the latest update has started to crash force close constantly
An exceptional app for reading ebooks !
Recently many books are not readable anymore. Formatting tags are everywhere, unusable! Bring back the old version!
Hoping for this app to not only be able to read .doc but also .docx
It shows all html tags....cannot read .mobi files
A great app before the update, now shows all the html tags therefore totally unreadable. Why haven't the developers read all the comments saying the same thing? Sorry to say but I'm uninstalling.
Nice
Bugs galore
Using it for the first time. Wondering how can an app  be so user friendly. Just great.
I wish there was more free books we can read on smartphones and laptops
Please Add .docx file Also
Gud app for avid readers
All my books are showing up  with HTML codes. It's a good app if this problem is fixed
User friendly... In all ways
Hands down the best reading app out there. It's free, fully customizable, has a lot of cool features. I personally love the two-page display and paperbook animation, it works perfectly on my dual-screen phone (Kyocera Echo)... Just simply awesome.
Galaxy S4 Android version 4.3  While reading a book, complete with bookmarks, many times, when I go to another app (email, web browser) when I return, the book has disappeared, there are no recent books and once reopened of course, there aren't any bookmarks. When you're reading a massive collection having to locate the book (libraries are also missing) then locate the page you were on is a great waste of time.
Ok it is good app
Spent hours trying to learn this apt and still can't figure out how to highlight.
Cool reader is sooo cool Nice app download it..
Still the best reading app for me but after last update lot of crashes detected :( Clear data and reinstall the app, almost no crashes, working like a charm :)
Still my preferred reader app. Thanks!
whenever I use this reader app, reading time is not boring because the app itself is good with its cool feature,background and etc
Beat ebook reader I've found so far
Couldn't read a .mobi file which it claimed to support
its already great but include the feature for reading pdf files, so that i don't have to depend others for pdf.
Read loud becomes very slow in pace when phone is locked. Initially there was no such problem. I am using samsung galaxy core. Otherwise it is very good.
Best book reader
I cannot use this app any longer on my mobi books. What a pity such a good app has been spoiled with no noticable gain anywhere else. Please give us a choice of returning to the old app.
Coupled with calibre cloud reader just The Best..kudos!
Super reader thank u ,
One of the best readers, but the icon's definition is too small.
I used to love this app, but it suddenly doesn't read most the files it used to.. Please fix for the deserved 5 stars it had before
Somehow when I tried to open PDB files, it showed an error of 'Unknown Document Format'. I've tried this with a number of PDB files but it showed the same error. If this can be fixed, I'll rate a full 5 stars with donations.
Lots of formats. Use it every day on the train
Nice app
Best reader app I've used so far but the current update is messed up. My MOBI files are unreadable so please fix it soon before we move on to another app:(
  5 -   
Nothing more nothing less.
Weirdly reformats the book after you close the dictionary. Occasionally in a few seconds or even minutes reformats it back. Very annoying.
Its amazing you don't have to always pay and great stories
My favorite ebook reader app since last year. Lol
Like
If you want a free reader, go with this one or the kindle reader. If you are willing to spend a buck or two, I prefer moonreader.
Couldn't even see it, as it crashed on the first intent to open. (EngelProjektDroid, BQ Curie)
Recent updates have spoiled this good old app...nw it keeps on adjusting fonts.. takes forever to load
One of the only ones with a two-column view. VERY quick and customizable.
it cannot read pdb files.. please fix.. i like the read aloud function though..
This is by far the best and most versatile eReader app. Perfect for reading on the go and very customizable. Only issue so far is .mobi files showing as html code, but I trust this will be fixed in the next update. Totally recommended!!
Awesome salel
Used to be a great reading app, but now utter useless with htlm codes all over the place.  Down to 1 star from 5.  It makes reading nearly all my books impossible..  Totally p!$#ed off with the app now
I initially downloaded this app cause I liked the capabilities of being able to support all different file extensions and languages. But the app just kept crashing. Not to mention the fact that trying to load my downloaded books onto the phone a difficult and long process. Sometimes, simple is better.  THEN, when I actually started to read a book, it would crash every 2-5 pages. Forget about scrolling to a different page. CONSTANT crashing drove me crazy.  UNINSTALLED!
My favorite ebook reader but it has problems with mobi files and displays code (talking about non-drm mobi files)....for mobi files I use fbreader because of this.
Great format support.
Have always used Cool Reader, for phone and tablet
Mama Linda. Aap
I recommend it.
Why does this program keep stopping on me.  If they could fix that it would be an awesome program
Issues with fullscreen on KitKat
Would like to see book read sync with pc as well. Could be done via some browser addon probably. That would be even cooler.
I have been looking for a app like this forever. Books are my passion forever
It would be better if they didn't have the huge space at the top just for a menu and back button. Otherwise it runs smoothly
Best reader.....
I have been using cool reader for some time . When I updated last . It has partially Started displaying html code instead of txt and images.  Is a real shame as it was great. Now you force me to uninstall
Perfecto toy
I love this app however, I have noticed a problem when reading for a long period of time without creating a book mark ( i.e. returning to the main page).  If you read 4 or 5 chapters of a book without returning to the main page, cool reader will generate a forced close message and abort. Then you need to open the book again and manually move to the page you were on.  This looks like some kind of memory issue.  I am on the latest release.
Can not speak more highly of this reader. Many options to set everything just how you like, no ads, high ease of use and good layout. Having imaged backgrounds is so much better on my eyes. Linking to offline dictionaries is most helpful. I echo others in wanted pdf compatability,  but this will be my default reader from now on. Great, thoughtful work
Occasionally it's not easy to find the books, but that may not have anything to do with the app.
Works as it says. A must have app...
I can open all my novels Thanks
After this new update, everything went to crap. I open a book and all I see is the formatting language. Books I have read and new books. Fix this and I give it 5 again.
The format has too many symbols.
Really the best reader
Thanks for the app... but, Couldn't you put pdf in the available read book list?? Tq
Works great! I love that I can read all my stories on it. Great customizations if font, background color, even the tap options. Also works great with IVONA text to speech. Only issue I've had is with it randomly switching from page view to scroll view, but that's very minor.
Its good!
This is the best eBook app I have found since the long defunct Stanza on the iPhone platform.  I've looked long and hard, and this one has everything I wanted: textured, classy wallpaper backgrounds.  Customizable font colors.  Antialiased font rendering!  The layout looks like gorgeous eye candy on a large screen tablet.  One click tts voice reading.  So easy on the eyes - just the way you want it.  I use this on my Nook HD+, and it's so much better than the already nice built in B&N reader.  Blows away the Kindle app.  And...it's free!!  Thank you.
This app is the awesome; makes even the most boring text come to life. Favorite e-book reader on the market by far.
I used to really love this reader but this newest release really messed up my .mobi files.  The HTML tags appear on the screen,  making everything look like gibberish.  Ugh. Please fix this ASAP.
I downloaded it thinking that first it would be great then it I not it is so complicated that I don't even get how to read it then when I want to delete it won't go even when I zaped my tablet it dident  go so annoying
Kindy sir. Your app is godlike. The best in all market. Can u make the formats pdf(books) and jpg(pics and Art Books) compati with the app. Please,  that would be aweeo.
Perfect!
The latest version cannot open mobi format books.
This WAS the best reader app for Android.  As of the last update the reader crashes out when ever a new document is opened via open file.  This is true particularly for html type files.  Please fix the fix.  It was a 5 star but is now worth 1.  As it is an old friend, I will give it 2.
Extremely cool with lots of features...
Excellent app. Can't fault it.
      -  double tap.  ,  ,    !
Wonderful options and settings.
The app is very nice,been using this for half a year. But i wish i could view my books just like a library. It looks cleaner to me.
So, I used this app for a while.  It occasionaly lost my place upon opening, or jumped around randomly, even after removing all but the back/forward one page buttons...then I updated. And now, it doesn't even display books properly.
Great app, last update put black bar across top of screen though.
Awsome #I'm #pretty
I think the update version would have more suppoted ebook. But instead go to page  option is not work at all...and also the start up speed is extremely slow. I regret udating the reader. Now i will give only 3star but will give 5 star again if this issue is solved...
nice app, well organized, but can not read all books filetypes
After latest update I've got strange artifact appeared during fb2 book reading. A black stripe flashes at the bottom of toolbar (it's at the top of my screen). This appears in portrait orientation and disappears in landscape.
Can't open anything without it quitting immediately.  Useless.
!
I just love it
There is another app going as "E pub reader and free ebooks. This app says it is based on your app( bottom of about section) and is nearly exactly the same thing. Read the top comment and keep in mind that these people have copied your app and taken credit. The other app has a lot more ads and they are making money. Thanks.
Almost perfect eccept pictures don't show well and have alignment problem.
My review has the same concern as Dan Kern's, and I've sent a note about it to CoolReader support about the HTML code showing in some .mobi book files. This has been my favorite Android reader, but now I'm having to use the Moon+ reader because the HTML renders books unreadable with CoolReader. I'm hoping the next release fixes CR back to what it was, and I'll move it back to 5 star where it belongs!  Update - my note to developer bounced because mailbox is full. Maybe others had the same idea...
Recent updates caused crashes when opening certain books.
Its very cool this app use it when i want to read a story (Ebook) yeah our in Wattpad
After update can not get night mode to work properly. Just black on black. No effect after changing settings.
Have used this for over two years. Latest update has broken mobi file reading. Shame now only two stars. Will have to look for a new reader
   
Design on my 5" is poor.. I'm very disappointed, it was best Android reader, but now I see it's rubbish :(
Until I tried the read aloud option and it doesn't work like it used to it repeats every couple paragraphs in a loop like manner
This App has been fine but something has happened to it on my Nexus 7 as some of the books are coming up with HTML codes in them making them unreadable.  Please fix.
I love this app, worked fine for ages, 5 stars. But then it started crashing while reading and losing the page I was on. Has happened 3 times tonight and is getting very annoying, I'm considering looking for another app to use instead.
I love it!! it is not complicated and easy to use. The only flaw of this app. is that some file cannot read even it is compatible.. and it can't read a pdf but overall I love it! thank you for making such an amazing app.
Wished it supported pdf too.
I hate whining in reviews but couldn't find an easy way to get support. Opened a new book and its now showing the page control codes making books unreadable. Another reader is showing them fine, but I'd rather use this one.
Comfortable view to read e document in book format
I so love this app. Smooth as silk. I can download web pages to read later offline. My .mobi books read better on this app than my kindle app. In fact, I rarely use my kindle app anymore. I also love the fact that I read this in landscape. Great app!
One of the best but fix the bloody crashes already. 2 updates and still crashes
This is fantastic. One of the best with updates. I'm glad I didn't buy a kindle or similar device.  Bookmark problem however. Seems to store but come back in a few days and last one missing! A bit annoying! Can this be fixed? Is there a limit to how many bookmarks you can have? Pdf reading - when will this be added?
Always works
Like others, since the last update my mobi format books now show all the formatting code as well as the text. Hoping this can be fixed quickly as this was by far the best up to then.
Very excellent app
Love this reader on my Note 3.
i love different fonts and styles offered by it!!
  djvu?
Much quicker then Moon simple and it works with low ram while still being pretty.  Update: The update before this reset everything just letting you know.
Hi Vad. Thank you for creating this app. More power to you
Last update is not good
     .
Love this book app, have it on all my handhelds. Reads all of my books in one app. Soft on the eyes. Versatile. Best out there.
More fonts will make it even better
I'm impressed. A must have reader.
This is one of the best eReader apps on the store. Love it, used for personal, business, technical reading. Sadly when I updated on Feb. 19, some, but not all mobi format books show as HTML code. In fairness, this is the first error I have seen with it, so hope the developer can find what is either corrupting some files or causing them to incorrectly render. Subsequent update after 2/20 did not resolve the issue.
My kindle can now have a rest thanks.  update, now shows format tags, can deal with the crashing but the tags are driving me mad. gotta go somwhere else until fixed. right bummer as i like this a lot.
Simple and fun.
      . Nexus 7 2012, Android 4.4.2
It does what it should do
One of the first things I install after format or rom change. Great app. Must have.
Last patch broke all mobi books files display as html code samsung galaxy s4. And nexus 7
This is the best rink reader I've been able to find
The best reader. Period.
please add unicode support also.
One of the best epub readers out on the app market. I recommend it to anyone who loves to read!
Everyone should try it.
Has various font sizes and brightness options.
I have six readers,  three of them paid apps and I prefer this free app. It always works. I use it daily and it has never crashed or lost the page. I would definitely recommend it. .
Reads most of the formats. Ex excellent app.
Nice little book reader.
 "".  .
Its been working really well for me so far on my moto g kit kat. Nice app
The latest update keep causeing the reader to crash.
Lot of formats !!
2013/07/07: Crashes in ug_en.chm , the User's Guide for the Dell 2350dn Laser Printer: 1) When searching.  2) When advancing to the next page after page 18, 19 or 20. [ 1 Star ]  2014/02/19, Wed.: Fixed.  [ 4 Stars ]
From yesterday, facing crashes. Not able to open the lastbook. Opens to the manual. Needs urgent fix.
Simple, easy, effective.  Does exactly what it says and does it well . Recommended.
I love novels.Cool reader made me love them even more.
No problems, great reader, love that it reads the books out loud through my car Bluetooth
I love to read book s
Prefer this over all other book readers.
Best e-book reader :)
Great reader. Very very user friendly, fast and easy to use. Rich in features. Highly recommended. The best eBook reader out there. Keep up the good work developers.
Awesome
Read file prc
... and free! Please consider donating if you like the reader
Would like to see pop-up hyperlinks option like Moon+ Reader Pro. It does have lots of options though. Its really good for a free ebook reader.
best book reader ... with no more coments I can only commend
Simple interface, and a lot of usefull functions
Perfect for landscape reading on rooted nook color! B&N should take notes. Also like that I can add and use my own fonts and colors. *edit* works just as well on Nexus 7!
New version crushes a lot...
Only comment is that while im reading it suddenly closes and when I open it again it opens to the last page prior to when it auto close. Example..I close the app when im on page 16 when I open it again it brought me to page 16 automatically. Then when im already in page 25 it auto close and when I open the app its on page 16 rather than 25. Its annoying especially as I dont memorize the pages so I have to browse the page when I last read b4 it forced close. Kindly fix. Add pdf reader, i'll donate.Thanx.
Please add fullscreen mode for devices on Kit Cat 4.4 and above.
best reader..nice and light..lots of customization
Lenovo yoga 8,  Kindle Fire HD 8.9 root cust ROM, Kindle Fire, root, cust ROM,  Droid Bionic Smart done stock.
Sometimes when I don't even touch it, it just disappears and after the restart it didn't remember the position so I have to last pages all over again.
Good app
Good,worked excelent
Must have for book reader
This app is awesome,but i think the last patch broke something,the book i'm reading now was working fine this morning but now is unredable,bettwen lines some code-like text appers that represents idications about the hight or width of the page or font format,hope there's a fix soon,the book is mobi format in case it helps in finding the problem :)
 )))
Does what it should - letting you read without distractions. The dimming display feature is really neat too
I am about to start my 12th book using this app. I love all the options available and have had zero problems. Only complaint is trying to figure out some of the many options, but thats just me.
Can view most formats, change the font and background. Do wish easier to switch bt files but otherwise great app.
Its a perfect reader... Highly recommended
Me encanta
amazing !
Issue has been resolved with latest update. Thanks
I um am shy and um like to read and um um um i say um sometimes so i like this  Xxxx
  .
Good one.
The best eBook reader. All formats, best color control schemas not to hurt eyes from long reading. Tried many others and decided to stay with CR.
V helpful!!
Great! Has all the functions you need.
Everything I want and need in a reader!
The best is that you can invert the color for reading with no light so your eyes wony get tired
I use cool reader for my PC and Hudl. You get the full software as a free download. Its ad free, no spyware or other malware. I've donated to this project using the Silver app and will look out for other software by this author.
One can customize the day and night profiles.. bookmarks, text search...and remembers the page you read last... awesome app.. worth downloading..
I'd like to thank the makers of this reader. My daughter is dyslexic, and reading can be hard for her. The features of this app have changed the way she reads. I am able to change the font, size, color, background color, and even change the background texture. Just the ability to control these things was amazing for her, but this app does more. My daughter can use the speech-to-text to help her with her reading as well. The bookshelves are organized, and it is easy for my both of my kids (7 and 9) to use.
Breaks up my txt documents in strange places.
Finally found one apps that can works!!!
I can not read anything in pdf format I'm disappointed this app looked good
Can read almost any document file extension.. But for some reason they left out pdf's please fix this.
I was willing to pay $$ for this... so glad it was free. Only flaw is the boring voice... but that's a personal hangup....
was excellent but it stopped to see books on extCard, why? no such directory in the root anymore. 442, Omega-XXUENB3.
I've tried many e-readers on play store and this is the best app ever... it was one of the first fully functioning apps I've encountered and it has never had a problem on the many devices I've gone through... Look, Try and LOVE! <3
If only u could read pdf you would be perfect.. But no prob...
FC every time while opening .chm files in samsung galaxy grand 2 running 4.3 Please fix this.
Very nice & neat.
Love this app, first time i use it so smooth. Really worth, with wooden like wallpaper, my eyes not tired to read. Keep it up (v^^)
Please put an option for 12 hour clock and I'll donate!!
Really great app. Opens wide range of ebooks formats, gives a comfortable way to read all of mine books. And now is indeed stable.
At least plug in a pdf reader to make it complete..
  :))
 ,  .
I'm an avid reader. My first 'tablet' was actually the Nook Tablet. When it came time for me to get a more general purpose tablet, I knew I wanted a good reader app. I tried a number of other applications, but they all had one issue or another that made me continue my search. That search stopped here, and I'm ecstatic with the results. Cool Reader has all the customizability I could ever ask for, an easy-to-use interface, and all around the best reader app out there. From here on out, no matter what tablet I may get in the future, Cool Reader will be my first installation.
Opens everything I throw at it! Amazing reader. Reader for pdf would get 5 stars
Great as Russian Olympic Games. Perfect reader for all listed formats!!!
Give us a "disable screen rotate" option. Really like the font/text/background choices :)
Enjoyable way to read a book
i love tiz.
Why doesn't it read PDF?
Doesn't not read prc files like advertised. Uninstalled !
Not responding????????
All contents are not available
Works great! One suggestion though: a way in which page flipping can be activated by voice?
I cant think of any words to say. I installed a lot of text readers but this is terrific! You can change fonts, backgroud style and color and much more. If theres a ten star, this app will get one from me :)
Awesome
Its a little complicated, cause it doesnt just auto scan  to find your books, but I do love read to you feature
... but there's no support for PDF files. I hate having to use a competitive reader just so I can read PDF.
"I DON'T KNOW NUTHIN' ABOUT THAT...." MY MUM WOULD SAY. MY BOOKS KEPT VANISHING. A STRANGE FRAGRANCE FILLED THE AIR CONTINUALLY.  SHE NEVER REQUESTED THAT I SUPPLY HER WITH KINDLE WOODSTOCK. ..THAT IS HOW THE FIRST MURMURINGS OF A STRANGE BJBLIOMANIA AWOKE IN A TORTURED SOUL... GOD AND MARY FOR GIVE HER FOR HER CRIMES AGAINST THE STRANGE GIFTS  ..OF INTELLIGENCIUM INTERNATIONAL. ..FROM JAMES MICHAEL CHAPESKIE
Wonderful, priceless app, keep updating for the not qute all nor all tablet but mixture of both. Thank you, appreciate your working hard.
Cool Reader crashed on me 40 minutes into Neal Stephensons Cryptonomicon. Maybe it was the lack of Internet access in our dentists office. I don't know, and I don't care. If you read long books, DONT rely on THIS!
I am using it for several month. Very happy, thanks!
Samaria luhcwaia hcitalka
Really awesome app, very configurable and useful.
Good
very customisable, no ads
After trying out another free ebook reader and it failing to find the books that I put on my phone I found this wonderful app. No matter where you put the books on the phone, you can find and open them with this app. Truly the best app that I could have ever hoped for. Although the user interface is a bit tedious at first, it is definatly an app that is well above the rest. Thank you developers.
very best
The only wish is synchronization with Kindle account to keep books on the same position on Kindle and on Android device
honestly, all the features are useful. This is my first choice when it comes with ebooks. this app is the best. thank you very much to the genius behind this. I wish I could rate this 10 stars. :D
Yeah its cool!!"
It does not disappoint.
This is my "go to" reader from using several top rated ones. Vadim is very responsive to suggestions and has improved this app to better than paid ones. Try it; you will not be disappointed!
Coolest.
Been using it for quite some time. Audio is a bonus! :D
This app does what its supposed to do. Easy to use
Best
I like the multi purpose of this application.
The best eBook reader on the market
Crashes
But still not on a level with Amazon's kindle app.
Najbolji program koji sam nasao za citanje i jos k tome besplatan!
Great for reading and has many customization options. Wish they also add PDF support.
Super!
If only you would make the text smaller
Best
The recent improvements were greatly welcome!   How about a lock screen widget for 'Read Aloud'?
Niezla apka jesZcze mnie nie zwioda
Thanks team.
I tried to find my book but it said there wasn't a book wit that title but how could it not when I had the book on my dresser!!!
I've been using it for a couple of years now and have absolutely no complaints. Does the job and does it well.
  Samsung Galaxy S3, Android 4.3.
It's really cool. But it will be better if it could read pdf type.
Excellent.
I would use this but I use the TTS to read to me while commuting. The TTS has a very annoying problem. If the last sentence of a paragraph (or the only sentence of a paragraph) is a single word, the TTS does not read it. If a paragraph ends with a name (like "Mr. Smith."), the TTS reads "mister" but does not read "Smith". Dialog where the character responds only "yes" or "no" is impossible to follow. I emailed the dev with a very short example and a recording so that they could see (and hear) the problem and had no contact back. Good ebook reader, bad TTS reader, unresponsive developer.
After trying various tts apps/readers, I came across this gem. It loaded a long text file from the very nice built in file browser. The tts system was fired up within an instant of tapping the read aloud icon and I wss listening to my text. Brilliant! I'm deleting all the other tts apps I've collected.
Poor formatting, slow and buggy
Would be nice to have an option to highlight and delete a few books in one hit. One by one and always at the top of the page once deleted. Annoying.
Great app with useful functions.
First impression: a messy program. not intuitive, way too many settings (you don't want to have to set things up differntly for each book, do you?) with black theme (hey, 2 or 3 themes is really sufficient), text becomes invisible. Readers don't want to know about CSS, do they ? How about EPUB3? In short: I want to READ a book, not make one. A reader should be EASY... like a book.
Does not detect my PDF files so can't read
Simply excellen !!!
One of the best reader i've used...
This is so great *lmao* got you 5 star great work
All the features I could want. I like the ability to keep the main menu bar showing on the top. Saves me tapping all over the screen to find it. Got the page numbers  I always want, the title and author showing since sometimes I forget what book I'm reading and have to page out to find out.  Lots of customization. I really like the initial set up with the old paper and old book look. This is my favorite reader app. Keep up the good work. Thanks!!!
Almost perfect, the only issue I have found is that it sometime skips ahead several pages at a time instead of just one
Great app, especially the paper colors i like.
cant turn off rotation
Had to leave a review for this phenomenal app full to the brim with gesture sensitive and tailored gadgets.....and all for free!!Get it while you can
Some random paragraphs of Chinese ebooks cannot be displayed properly.
I just love this app!
I gorce close all my apps and give this one all the ram but it still shuts down when loading a book. Xperia u
This is the best app I have for reading ebooks especially since I can just drag any kind of book file and just just start to read! I can't read PDF's on it but that's fine I can just convert it but its a good app if I had the money I'd buy it!! I also refer it to any one who has an Android!
Hindi font not supportef
No flipping effect for epub books... no pdf support.
       .   -  .   :)
Nice it reads many files but some files are still not read by this app
The reader works relatively well but is prone to locking up at random.
Great app. Reads from SD card w no problem. 5 stars if u fix the random annoying crashes
Lost the brightness on my reading pages.  No brightness adjustments could fix problem.  Now i.'be got to find a another reader.
A perfect ereader app. Well done!
The reader is almost perfect.
but can you do something with polish types? If yes it will be excellent.
Awsm
Very good
    ,      !
Very neat
Awesome app
Does not work. Uninstall it and install another chm reader is better.
Awful app. Unpredictable,  way too many options switched on by default. Crashes if you skip ahead more than a couple of pages. Jumps chapters due to obscure gestures. Not good for a nice, calm bedtime read!
Its one of the best s readers
5 star because you deserve it. :)
Love this app! Reads All my files with no problems.
A very cool way to read my favorite books
I like the built-in dictionary. But it's too sensitive. I cant mark what word i want to choose.
Great experience with app, five stars. Only flaw is lag while quitting the app.
Love it
It's a very useful software, since it resumes to the last page you were reading!
No complaint
This used to be the best reader out there.  But several changes have been made over the last year that made it more of a pain to use.  For example, when you back out of a book, it no longer takes you to the directory your book was loaded from - now it takes you a useless home screen that you have to RENAVIGATE to the same folder that used to come up automatically.  In addition, Cool Reader can no longer load ebooks located on the external sdcard.  This has been known for some time, but nothing has been done about it.  The email address given for the developer doesn't work, and he doesn't respond on the forums.    If the developer won't properly support his app, find a better one.
Its stupid
Thank you its going great I can read my books x
This is a great app with lots of controls over the look and feel of the reader. However, would be good to include the ability to read pdf files as well and this will be an all rounder
Best book reader I have tried. Give it a go and see
Love this app!
What about PDFs?
Love it
The app tries to filter PDFs out of catalog listings, but it's pointless since a PDF eBook's author, publisher, etc. will continue to appear in non-title catalog views (and then generate a "no listing" error when clicked). It'd be better to say "this isn't a regular eBook, do you want to download it or open with {list of PDF readers on your device}?"
Tis s one of my fav n oldest app... works ok for me... best of all its compatible in almost all phones.... even on non android ones.... thanks
Works like a charm with my HTC desire HD.
Hey, it is free too !
The best reader ever!!!
It is suck.
the user interface were a bit simpler, perhaps with fewer user-selectable settings. And if hyperlinks leading to notes worked.
The best reading app I've used. Wld have given it a five star except it keeps shutting down on my note 2
I love it.
It would be perfect to have dictionary incorporated to see instantly the meaning of some words.
Not sure if it was my book file or this app., but the book i was reading decided to stop working and never open again.  Anyway,  I like the night mode which makes reading easy on the eyes.
Really liked it. It is really useful thing to read any kind of electronic books. So take and enjoy it!).  But, CREATORS, please to be better than it, make some improvements in design and new possibilities!
The best epub reader there is...
Manage page for mobile viewing
I like this app. Though it will be much better if there be docx capability.
 .   9305T
Great app! The only thing I can think of to improve would be the ability to tag books with customizable tags (i.e. Fiction, Non-Fiction, Adventure, etc.) and sort and/or search by the tags. Another reader (Aldiko on my old PDN) had "Bookshelves" you could create and display only a certain bookshelf or All Books. I have a LOT of different kinds of books and this would be a great addition to help me sort through my collection.
It is almoust perfect
Beautiful reader thx :)
I reccomend not to download this piece of trash  and ruin ur data packge it cant detect all the chapters of book and do not opens book further 22%
Nice looking
I have a rooted nook tablet and wanted to read mobi files amongst other odd filetypes. Not only does this app read them, it can read them aloud. Freaking awesome.
good app
I bet its name lacks of how great this app in reality. Such a cool ,very efficient and very useful app!
Nice
The best reader on the market, last version has no any problem.
excellent app
Good
But sometimes it won't open an epub file. I tried using other epub reader and open the same file and it worked good. And keeps shutting down while I was reading a file. Please fix this. I've been using this app for years, best reader app I could find. Please fix this.
Doesn't read Arabic language !
Too slow on large files (bibles).
I love that it will allow books from the micRo sd card to be imported.
I like that you can keep a toolbar visible while you read so you can switch from day to night or set a bookmark without having to poke around for a menu. But really, there are far too many options. Let me change the font and size, yeah. But I don't want complete control over everything in the style sheet. I'd much rather you keep my place from one day to the next.
I would like to see pdf reading ability /a separate add on to allow pdfs to be viewed and read. Still like very much.
Many customization options that can cater to anyone's reading experience
I have this reader on my  tablet, and on my Galaxy took Samsung for  shower with me. Now own nice Motorola , so installing again. Need no other.
Can't open standard pdf files.
Great app for reading, and it has MANY customization options, no hidden fees and no ads!!!
Had no problems since I installed this! Keep up the good work!
Liked the interface, and overall performance but the sensitivity rendered completely useless to me. Random page flips and if you put your finger a little longer, you'll find yourself exactly 10 pages (was this supposed to be a feature?).
Easy to use
   .      .    .
Read aloud, autoscroll, support of different types of docs, widely customazing appearance.
Does'nt keep page setting. Text impossible to read...
Just  installed, but  looks  fine  from introduction
But battery consuming. Still - its awesome!  :)
Wtf kinda reader doesnt read pdf files. This is useless if it cant read pdf.
It is good
Great tool for learning and reading
Crash right at the very first time
Background should be white page
the lack of support for PDFs. This is the only reason I can't use this app, because my entire collection is in PDF format.
Ease of use.
Realy like this app and the night and day thing. Could use better page animations like makeing it look like a real page flipping. But over all Totaly awsome
Nice, neat and simple...  Best part is ad-free! ! ! Gotta love it
Sweet.....
Excellent app with all options.
Its the best app for me!
Good ereader which is easy to use and covers common formats, but it tends to take a few seconds to load an ebook into memory. This isn't a massive wait, but enough to get a bit irritating if your just trying to quickly look something up.
Read a lot of books very awesome
Good stuff.   Great features.
Has UI problems with Note 3. The upper side menu on a open book is too big but doesn't have all the buttons. The main menu is twisted as well i compare it with my Note 1. I think it is because of the bigger screen resolution. I hope you fix it soon.  This is my favorite reader!!! I use it with my Nook too!!!
Absolutely love cool reader, have been using it for nigh on a year with no problems (apart from when I accidentally turned the brightness down by swiping the left of the screen, took me a Month to figure out what had happened!). But one thing that have found slightly annoying: due to the eccentricities if the.authors I read, all my books are quite hyphenation heavy, and despite my toying with the hyphenation settings, every time a hyphenated word appears, there is a page- Break. Anyone know how to stop it?
Great for TTS
It needs to support Japanese.. It just has these scary weird characters that aren't even part of any language. And it won't even open any of my other documents, it has an error. Sorry.
Nice app to read most of ur ebook formats
Excellent
I can't open books on SD card. When I try to browse it will only let me browse my internal storage. I have found no way of going in the upper directory, like/storage/, it just takes me back to the intro page. I'm sure I was able to do this in the past.
The most pleasant apps so far... Still some small issues : when reading FDR files, some paragraph become unreadable code
Great reader....
Great
Easy to read.
Cool app
This app is great. The only problem (and its not with this app itself) is that there are so many clones that have taken the source code of this and are now charging for it on the store.
K
   docx a   
I can do everything i want..
Good
Finally I found an app that can read any document file. Thank you!! 
This one is probably the best reader on the market.
I love it
No dramas at all, Just works . . awesome!
The title says it all. I still think Cool Reader beats both Kindle and Nook all to pieces, and I did indeed sell my Nook because of this app.  BUT I'm knocking a star off because this thing is HARD on battery life... and that's true whether I'm using it on my Galaxy Note 8 or my phone (an S3), and it was true when I had it on my Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus. If the developer can find a way to fix this, it'll once again get 5 stars, and I'll continue unabashedly praising it to the heavens.
It randomly freezes on a HP slate 7 & force closes
Cool
Very user friendly!
Improve the page animation when going go the next page
Have been trying many different  readers and finally  find what I  consider the best.
Been using this app for a while and I can say that; hands down this is one of the best e-readers for android out there.
Excellent
awesome 1
Despite being a "feature". It is a non-working feature. It cannot see any calibre servers.
This app is really improving by the month. I have had this app for some time and have enjoyed it lots! Keep up the good work!
Reads everything
Finally I found something with which I can read my books on my phone. Thanks. :)
A good reader.  Love the app.
I can customize and personalize it. Supports most of the file types for e-book. Awesome!  It would be a plus if it supports PDF files.
Good
Best Free Reader I found
The latest update represents a downgrade. A now horrible looking, user unfriendly app. Google for the APK of an older version and never update it! Update: I originally wrote the above review on my Gingerbread. I'm now running Jelly Bean 4.1.2 and the APK I downloaded to get an older version of this app is still going strong.
Files don't open
Don't have enoughwords for this brilliant app
just good.
Crashes all the time
Ugly
Work's
I would uninstall if it was not a default app. Screen goes black on the app when I try to read anything. Other reading apps are fine.
Improve!
CoolReader, it's truely cool. Love it!
Very Good ebook reader. Does epub and mobi etc. Love the parchment paper. Maybe needs a book shelf like ibooks? But have NO problems at all with this good reader.
Its cool
Very nice
It crashed after 10 minutes use.
No pdf support. Highly disappointed
Nice ebook reader app...only one thing is missing....3d page turn over mode..
U
Day or night and great to travel read.
crashes
Very
Was an excellent app until recent Android 4.1 update. Now crashes after a few pages and loses place.
Best reading app
Makes finding book files incredibly easy and the reader interface is exceptional.
Love this reader. Compatible with an y file format you like.
I dont understand any of it
This is a fantastic e-book reader,l covering multitudinous formats in an excellently clear and easy to use way. For me, this has replaced multiple e-book readers.
This is a good app... but I used to be able to read Chinese novels using this app. Now when I try to read it its all question marks.. can I know is this due to settings?
I get to change anything I want: font, color, background... Tap zones are configurable. It's the best app for reading.
Its good and reliable
I like the app, for the most part but since the last update it crashes frequently and requires closing the program and clearing ram to proceed.  Also, if I have to turn my phone off, it loses the book I am currently reading and I have to find the book and then find my place again.  I would love to see this corrected - if so, I could rate higher.  Galaxy S.
O
Awesome another open source tool that does more then most commercial apps	This ebook reader supports all the formats that I want to use. so cool.
Nice reader but it eats the battrry like there's no tomorrow. I have games installed that don't use this much battery.  What does it need this much battery for?
Plenty of options.
I love it. Funny and very easy to use.
Useful one
Uninstalled...
Text-to-speech works great.
Very useful and convenient program with very nice interface! Many thanks to the authors!
I've been using it for some time, i like the visual properties of this app. Slick.
Tried 2 download rtf file on my Samsung galaxy s2 and it would not download at all.   But on my iPhone, i have no problem at all downloading rtf file.  Android needs 2 get this issue resolved. Besides i like my android but the iphone thumbs up on downloading files.
use it feel it
Good
I've been using this for a while now.  It works well on my nexus 7.  I looked at several readers and settled on this one.
Kept crashing and losing bookmark
 , !
Would give it 5 stars except it won't reliably save more than 2 bookmarks and it closes  unexpectantly quite often.
Highly customizable. Accepts pdf, epub etc. Great!
Didn't read my pdf books
I loved using it
I haven't try this but I'm hoping it works lol
Too good
Fix read aloud so text would not be hidden behind buttons.  Add better page flip animation.
User friendly
Coooool.......
It is good
I lov ths app
Love this app. Works great and plenty of ways to adjust the display
Al reader is better than this  Beacause 
1.Support all system font 
2.Support table content 
3.Low in size 
4.Support inbuilt dictionary layout
Excellent
Seems quite exhaustive with options and some good idea, but ugly and very awkward way to select text, with only one color available. Can export bookmarks but again just awkward presentation, not very useful.
Thank you so much :D
Great App
Works well
I'm a new chum to this  technology and was gobsmacked with the simplicity of acquiring facilities like this.  Absolutely marvellous. Allows me to read at night, adjust the fonts and background, bookmarks everything.  makes it easy to read .mobi books   I'm entering the "elderly" on ramp and would recommend this to other "oldie/newbies. who want a seamless and painless entry into Ereading
Been fixed all problems i had b4
I love it..
best
This is my favourite reader and I have it on all my devices. Only problem is it crashes a lot and on reopening goes back to last saved page. Annoying if you've read another 70 or 80 pages. Fix this for five stars
The app keeps shutting down the moment I try and open any book. Total 5 minutes used.
Unfortunately not comparable to moon reader.
It would be good to have a "user friendly"(dummy) shelve, still the best eBook reader choice in the marketplace. Thank you!
It allows me to enjoy my books. No add no stupid turning page effects
Cool reader - very cool:) Russia recommend:)
Life long friend
Love the books very easy to use
I like the app, too bad it does't read pdf. I'm disapointed about that. Had to convert my ebooks :(.
's worth using))
it a great book reading app,  but sometimes it seems a bit stiff,  but great overall
I like best
Excellent
It only reads 1st page of word document.  I have several pages in one word document.
Wer
The 7
Superb
Awesome app
Very clear text
.....
Have used this app for the last 2 years or so and it keeps getting better.
All links are in French, cannot find any in English. Please fix.
Cool reader is a app for those who lov nd enjoy reading books all the time... (y)
 n- ,    .     ,      ...       ,  50%   cool reader,     
Can open many document formats
Excellent
I love this app! Works very well on my rooted Nook Color and my Samsung Replenish. Great Developing and time went into this app.
Horoshee prilojenie
Excellent
help me! how do you find books. i have only had my galaxy tab for a little while now and i cant figure out how to find any books to read and how to search for ones i want to specifically read. please help!
Nice app
Best reader ever seen
The coolest reader!!
Have used for many years, even tho it's free, please donate to dev for great product.
I love this app! It reads all my files whether it be Epub, pdf, mobi, zip, doc--everything! Love it! Also the app give options you can play around with if you prefer a type of paper texture or BG lights! Its very useful!
Excellent app with many features.
Nice app for listening books , but not a good reader
Terrible.
Cannot open any prc file.
Good
Wish it was easy too delete files once they have been read. Delete button please.
I am really enjoying your reader so far. The layout is clean, and there is a good amount of features. A couple things I would like to see is the ability to pinch zoom on a page (if the option is there, I couldn't find it), and possibly speed up the page turns so its more fluid. Other than that, great job!
Haha this iz simple and yet its cool..! Luv ds.
The layout is very nice. It works perfectly fine on my alcatel onetouch. It does not need large space on internal storage which is really great 'coz my phone's internal storage is not big. This is the best reader I have seen so far! It's just perfect.
No adds.
My favorite ebooks reader.
Please tell me how to turn off the auto-rotate? Thanks a lot!
Best reader for reading most formats. If it read pdf, it would be perfect! No problems.
Very good.
I have tried almost all readers in playstore, none has the page layout similar to cool reader. This is the best feature in this reader. The pages look like the pages of an old book. Replicates very nicely indeed . All the other features are great as well . No room for criticism at all.
The perfect reading application
Coooool reader
Pe mine ma ajutat.
I really love this ap but it constantly keeps shutting down on my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1. Please help as there is no other like it
For MOBI or EPUB files. Stable on my phone, haven't done update though. Needs shortcut on home screen like aldiko has. Auto reader is funny. Can change font size. Thumbnails when browse SD. Access to free online library eg Gutenberg. Uses 0.9 mb internal memory when moved to SD. Shows small clock on read screen so u know when to go to sleep!
 ,      .   HTC One X,   ,     ,    (
Best reader on the market
Good
I love this app its all ive been looking for 5 starrr coz this app is awesome i really recommended it to u guyss __+
nice free reader good functionality. does it for me.
Awesome app
Works well. Would be better with switchable menu settings ie basic  & advanced. Full menu bit daunting when I first used. Only gripe is occasionally totally crashes out and doesn't save last page so have to rescroll. PITA if  been reading for a while.
Yea
Thank you for making such an excellent app and letting everyone use it for free
Cant find any books  dont know how to use
The only problem I have is, bookmarks give trouble after you finish a book.
It reads most of all kinds of file. Realy i found good in using this. I will suggest every one to download.
This is the best reader I have found so far! However, I now cannot read any documents stored on my external SD card! :( Please fix this!
Very useful book reader. You could download and read books in practically any format.
After trying several different ePub readers, this is the first one I have come across where it does a good job rendering the page.  It is able to do an excellent job of rendering books by Apress. Pros:  Displays embedded images and embedded formatting, including data in table format, many options, very flexible Cons:  Embedded URLS are not clickable
it is a really good app for reading any kind of story book. what i found is that it is much more simpler than kindle app.
This app is absolutely amazing! Although it would have owned 5 stars if it could read PDFs.
nice one ;)
How does it work I can figure it out
Swag
Good
5 star simply because it enable you to set how many seconds before the handphone's light is dim due to inactive. Allows me to read in peace without having to touch the screen every now and then to keep the light on. Excellent!!
Better than all other apps which claims to do the same @
Doesn't open the books on my galaxy tab 2 10.1. ............
This app doesn't find ANY of the pdfs or epubs I downloaded to my phone. Fix this!
  !
Crashes when I open a book.
PDF files not open
slow download
Yet it can't get right the basics, just cuts out every 5mins or so reading an needs restarting, frustratingly many pages previously.
Worked great unroll google updated tts voice
I downloaded cool reader but was not able to install figure 920 error appeared please what it the meaning I was using Techno F7
Error loading on reading PDB... CANT READ PDB.
had been using this app for a couple of months, and it was fantastic. However for the last month it has not been working great. It doesn't remember recent read books or even last read. When it does remember last read, it usually opens the book at the wrong page or at other times simply won't load the page at all and simply freezes. Please help! Iwant my fabulous reader back :)
Plz update this 5 stars if it werent for this
I have non-drm mobi files downloaded to my phone. Not only did it take 10 minutes and having to move my files to a more findable folder to figure out how to load a directory in the app, but then none of the files would open. Disappointing after reading such high reviews.
I changed 3 phones, reinstalled OS few times, but always install your reader. One of the best, if not the best!
Read aloud feature sounds too robotic for my liking. It misses out words sometimes too and very sharp and piercing which hurts my ears a lot when I put headphones in....  Otherwise decent app.
App is perfect aside from the one flaw with the free dictionary app not being recognized. No amount of reinstalling works. Please fix in update. Pretty please :)
I have read all the positive comments about this software. Upon download, I cannot even open any of my chm files on my sony xperia tablet. Pls fix.
Like it
Crash sometimes in newest version. Old versions work fine
Working
Text to speech function keeps looping the same page. Volume and rate slider is out of my screen on my nexus 7.  Will amend my ratings if the developer would fix these problems.
I spent nearly an hour trying to find a good, simple reading program. This one is perfect. It's that simple.
Very useful and must download. ....
All settings you can imagine and twice more you can not.
Very good app, always use it.
But please improve page transition effects Make it look more real and smoother.
When try download ebook from catalog server list.
Couldn't ask for better!
This app would have to be the best book app around. It opens almost all book file types and theres no stupid addons that clutter up the screen. Its easy to use with a great layout. I tried a few before ii found cool reader im so glad i found it. I recomend to all. Well done to manufactures
Very flexible application, it has all the settings I was looking for. And the most important, it  also reads diacritics without problem, unlike the other 4 or 5 readers I've tested. Thank you for the great work!
Could u please fix this? When i open it the first time it was ookay but now it closes.. I am using gt-p5100
Its ok. I like it :D
It has issues with displaying polish fonts.
I always install this one after flashing stock rom or cusrom, from one device to another, never left it since i found. Never failed me to read epub. Very easy to use. Thank you very much.
good
I love it
Waiting for immersive mode only ;)
Has a lot of features but... a lot of the needed features aren't here- or I haven't been able to find them because of the awful UI.
the only thing that stops this app from being five stars is the fact that it has very little if any PDF support. aside from that, it's the best reader app i  know of
I love reading God's Word its the truth as it is written.
Excellent
I love you
I only wish that bookmarks would be most recent at the top and not the bottom of the list, so I didn't have to scroll down or constantly keep deleting to keep them in one page.
Fantastic!!!
I gave this reader a try before I spend money on the "pro" version of another app. I like the range options and extensive customization. I especially love that this fully capable, open source e-reader exists. But it just does not hold up compared to others for ease of use and polish.
Simply the best, a bunch of useful features, all you might need, and no nonsense. Stable, fast, light, COOL Reader!
This reader has 70 ways to adjust the page you're reading. One of the coolest ways is the slide your finger up and down to adjust the brightness. Another is to be able to choose a really nice paper that makes your eyes comfortable. I love it.
It is a good book reader. But if you do not continully book mark the page you are on , the reader shuts down [ quite often]  and you loose where you were, and it does not hold the page you are on even when it is booked marked. when you shut your android down. other than that it is easy to use and it finds my books on my external sd card
Dont waste ur time of this...itx s crap...shuts down repeatedly. ..absolutely useless
Could you please tell me the reson it can't run pdfs?Because most of my books are in pdf format
It's a great reader but due some reason it hangs on my device and I have to restart my device repeatedly please help !
Great app, highly recommend it
Lacking almost every essential ...
The offending file is core Java 1 - fundamentals (You can torrent it if you want to verify)  Also scrolling an eBook should be like scrolling in the options
Wanted to be able to convert mobi to epub but it doesn't so now uninstalling
I used ebooks since my first Palm III: after years, now I can enjoy all my .pdb and even have text files rendered as if they were typeset!  Throw away other readers: this is the one :-)
Excellent app!!!
It looks like nice.
I could not get this to work. Uninstalled.
Very cool!
Straight forward us.
Best convinient reader
     
Might be good but do not appreciate any app that starts up in background for no reason, like making a call or sending txt msg. Unacceptable!
I really like this app, but sometimes when I press the next page/volume button, it keeps turning 3-12 pages on its own.   The other problem is that it occaisonally gets stuck on a single book and even if I choose another book and read that for a while, when I close the app and then reopen it, it jumps back to a different book.  Those only occur once in a while but they irritating when they do.
Awesome reader! Please update to use new immersive mode in Android KitKat ;-)
This message showed up when I try to open a textbook. A loading bar showed up for a sec, then that message popped up. What's wrong?  My device is Note 3, Android 4.3
Easy brightness control and page transition. Lots of tap zone control.
The best. Better than mon reader it have much bugs but still the second best
Nice Work
It crashes while reading. I don't know why but so.etimes when I turn pages it crashes and get me back to previous position when I reopen it. :-( please fix it. Otherwise perfect reader.
It is good and nice
I used to love this app...but today..I purchase a set of twilight novel...the prc file is appear when I tried to open it from this app...but it wont load it.."error while loading document" 1 star till this bug fixed
I recommend this to anyone who collects books in more than one format...Its an excellent little app!
Love it
I've been using Cool Reader for more than year and it crashes almost every reading session for fb2 books. Time to use another reader until crash issue is resolve.
This is the best app I've used. The only thing it needs is ability to read pdf files.
I cant even imagine how this app could be rated so high. It doesnt include text formatting and in mobi ebook it cuts whole sentences from time to time. And yes, mobi format I've been reading was good. I'm using FBreader instead and now there's no problems for me. Do not reccomend.
Amazing customization options, every little detail you can manage. I tried at least 10+ reader apps untill I tried this one. Found it 2 or 3 years ago it was fantastic then, and has only gotten better. Great on phone and tablet alike. I recommend this app to anyone!
The best app ever seen. The only problem is that when it is in landscape mode and the phone is locked, and we open it again, it starts loading again.
the best reader app
Verry good
Best fb file reader on the market. Keep up the good work!
I had gotten a collection of books from the Guttenberg project.  They had many superfluous hyphens, brackets and doodads which my reader was happy to denote. I found this extremely irratating. I converted the files to text and removed all of the superfluous hyphens in doo dads.THIS reader found them, read them and my reader had NO TROUBLE reading them. You can tell the app where to look for your favorote book files. GREAT APP!
Very simple to use and it does the job.
     .  . .    S7272 -  force close   .      ,          .   ?     .?
Highly recommended
It keeps kicking me out when turning the page and when I open it up it does not remember the last page.
 . 
After 2 days using this app, im a little disappointed. The app runs so slow and  send a warning that " it is not responding". Page transition is terrible because it takes more than 20 seconds to go to the next page??!!!
It couldnt find one book i tried to search. An the options an setting make no sence at all. Stupid app. I just waisted time on this. Take this app off. You obviously suck at creating apps. Not to mention its not even in english. Wtf?!?!!
Crashes when opening .chm files on nexus 7 (2013)
Needs imbedded pic Support word 6 docs
Vewy vewy cool indeed
I have installed this application but I don't know how to search for books. The application doesn't search for relevant files on it's own and doesn't even show the ones stored in the SD card. I would appreciate if someone told me how to search for books. Thank you.
Like it.  Thx!
Best open source reader
I love this apo very much. Now I can easily read the books that I downloaded online.. very good job. And nice theme! Kudos
I love the fact that I can have it read books aloud.
Nice
Brilliant
Excelent
price, free multiple format support, excellent crashes and failures on my sg3, nonexistant. 5 stars.
Nice app
Comfortable. Just read and enjoy.
Love this app, its got everything u need in a book reader and you can change the settings to suit your needs. Best reader that's free and has lots of free book available as well. I find it well worth it also it reads any eBook file which is good as I have downloaded some from other sites
This app just keeps getting better and better... When I broke my e-ink reader, it helped me survive the tough time..  Now I don't need no e-ink... Tried every otherwise reader till date both paid and free but none can mark its usefulness... One suggestion though - the interface could be made a bit more appealing... Still no complaints...
Literally. Well...too many options actually, like way way too many unless you like playing games instead of reading and the hyphenated text, maybe somewhere you can change it so the words are not broken up but I couldn't find it and I tried, fiddled more than I wanted but I tried I suppose.
Fast, very customizable,  good interface, works like a clock. What more can you ask for.
10x
Just what im looking for...reading on phone was difficult especially with small fonts. But with Cool Reader, the font size is adjustable and still fit to screen not having the need to scroll left and right. thumbs up
Silly
I especially love the night mode, offline dictionary support, the many tap & gesture shortcuts and bookmarking feature.
Love this app. . So many functions . . No pressure to buy anything and no ads issue. . Brilliant keep up the great work, i have all my books on this app and wouldn't use another one.
Don't work
Compared to others, this is awesome and better still it's free!
Best
Like it
Been a fan of this app for yrs. Works perfectly
Used it on a 3 week trip to Europe on my samsung tablet and it worked fine.  I like it!
It is the best reading app.. I love it.. I is just perfect for my needs!
cool
Very good
Hope to support more Chinese font and  English-Chinese dictionary. Job
O aplicatie foarte buna
Great app! I love the fact that I can listen to my books while I'm driving to and from work.
Regularly forgets previously opened book. Time to time force closes at Nexus 7.
Great app, recommended
An app that constantly improves. I would gladly pay $2.95 for this
one star for effort ...needs work on design. thank you for letting me check it out though ...
It's light and easy and allowed to tune practically everything!
Awesome.....
   ,   
a very good and simple app to use
This is my favorite ebook reader app. I've read dozens of books on it. Easy to use. Great features.
Good reader though in TTS mode, reads the same page again and again...
Very coool!!!!
A lot of functions love
This is my favourite ebook reader. I just wish it had a multi device bookmark. So that I could easily switch between my tablet n phone without having to search which page I had read last.
I downloaded this application to read some .mobi files but everytime I open the application it crashes and works very bad and slowly...
A design guide was released. It should be read and applied.
  5,    Asus FHD     (root)  .     ,       
Best App Reader
Great App, as expected!
Excellent reader, but sometimes crushes while reading big books
I love this app. I really like the read aloud function even though it messes up some word, wind is read as wined. I am using it mainly to read my epub files of SAO. So far I had a problem with read aloud, as it word keep reading tyhe same page over and over again, but changing chapter fix this problems. The gui is very out dated IMO. I would love to see my ebooks on a ebook shelf like some of the other ebook apps out there. But all in all gr8 app
When I first got my nook color I tried all the popular reading apps. This one opens the most file types, has the most customization options, and generally fits my reading needs. Good job, dev. Edit: Any chance we could have 12 hr time?
Great reader..thank you.. i give 5 Stars
Crashes periodically on my Samsung s3
Page flip is so badly implemented, its just silly. Take a look at SGT's eBoook reader or fbreader to know how its done! Update: After all this time, page flip animation still sucks. 2bad
Excellent app.
5 Stars from me. Awesome app
Awesomeness
Just try its awesome. ....
Useful and easy 2 use!!!!!
Best app for reading
Pls provide pdf support.
Just try it
Please fix.  HTC Droid Incredible 2 4G LTE Verizon
Great app for eBook reader and excellent with ivona  voice packages.
Works for reading formats many other ereaders don't support. It can be a bit clunky, as the UI isn't the most intuitive. For the most part great
Doesn't support pdf format. Uninstalled instantly!!!
Not a day without you.
Just great reader. Very user friendly and easy to use.
Disaster interface.
Awesome app finally got solution for.epub files.
The best of all readers I've tried.  And I've tried lots of 'em...
Please fix, it's annoying.
The best
Good to go out of the box. But I went android for the ability to tune everything how I like it, and this app let me do that.
I installed this 2-3 weeks back and kept on looking for a better eBook reader. But after trying a lot of other apps, I came back to it and customized it to my preferences. This is definitely most customizable eBook app, but defaults needs to be set correctly. UX needs a lot of work. Should be able to select word on single tap, page flip animation can be smoothened like play books/nook. Reader menu can be made more elegant. With these changes I would be happy to even pay for it.
I like certain features but I would love to have the ability to highlight text as in with multiple color highlighters.
I love the auto scroll feature, lots of options and takes getting used to, great for reading my mobi books.
if romanian hyphenation can be added that would be a plus
Fantastic app
This app is great! I just wish it could read .jar format.
I like this better than Kindle and it is certainly less temperamental. It's the best one not affiliated to a book store or trading company.
It has all the functions of an ebook reader and then some more.
Nice app
Great app for reading epubs..the animation is smooth nd the formatting is maintained
Great app for.prc
Can i upload my google play books
Maybe for if it were the first ever ebook reader app, yeah.  Sorry but the GUI is well dated and unintuitive... Had to uninstall
....needs pdf support and if possible also djvu to be a perfect application
Doesn't read .rtf said it would did not
It opened my epub files without changing any characters. It would be perfect if it can read pdf files too.
The best reader available anywhere!
Excellent
Can't read prc files
Using all the time.
opens mobi and epub very easily....yet to try rest. good app!
Wish there would be an option to enable to customize the main menu bar though('cause I need the Read Aloud option at all time, and it's pretty bothersome to scroll the extra window every time). And scrolling is quite a pain on a smart phone(since it's not very smooth).  Biggest flaw is that when I use the Read Aloud option, I would like this engine to scroll automatically(and not at the end of the text!) This engine can only scroll itself when the Read Aloud finished one paragraph to skip onto another one at the end page! Not convenient at all! It's not very practical on a Nexus 4 mind you.
    
Cool Reader is packed with options and outclasses the competition in terms of compatibility and functionality. I just wish it could come in a prettier package--a dose of Android minimalism wouldn't hurt. All the reader apps are a little ugly, though. CR does the job very well.
Good :)
Downloads but cannot install itself.
I love this app! Everything is adjustable, font size, background, brightness. There are even little fields you can double program for what you want them to do (bookmark, forward/backward 1 or 10 pages, pp.) Sooo good! 
try opening prc file; failed loading. maybe the next update?
This app was just what I was looking for on my phone. It can use downloaded mobi files, which was great since that's all I had.  You have a few choices for look, but I love the 'light' look. Looks more like a book. Just by scrolling your finger on the sides of the app, you can dim or brighten the page and it doesn't control your entire phone's brightness. I could add as many bookmarks as I wanted and could make marks by the Titles of "Finished, To Read," and a few other options. Then you can rate the books out of five stars.  I definitely recommend if you are looking for a flexible book reader app.
I have a 4.1' display and only this app lets me to read books properly. Thank you!
Great app !
The best reading app in google play
I like the Text-to-Speech(TTS) functionality very well. If we enable "Read Aloud" option, the text will be read by highlighting sentence by sentence. Only problem is the transapernt TTS control panel hides some of the text while reading. One of these solutions need to be implemeted: 1. Whenever the new sentence hide in the panel, show new page from that sentence.. 2. Make TTS control panel vanish after some time 3. Keep the TTS control panel available always and show the book only in the rest of the area. If then, 5 star..
Really easy to use and I like it that I can see how many more pages until the next chapter but it rarely back to the last pages when I open it again
Great app
a must have app
Free is always good, nice little apps.
I downloaded this app hoping it would work with my nook books. It wouldn't read aloud at all. It just kept scanning through the books over and over without actually reading them. Very disappointing.
Best reader on market
i would love to have this app on my tab... too bad.. please fix... 5 star right away aftr fix
Amazing
This was the best ebook reader till now and All of a sudden bookmark stop working.. it keeps bringing  back to starting page
Thanks.
I was able to load my text format file directly from Google Drive which is why I uninstalled Cool Reader.   Moon reader is very good, thank you. I always buy PRO version after a year use.
I have been searching for a great reader for already available books. One with nice animations ans all plethora of options and customizations and this is the best of the best.
 ,   .  ,  .
easy, intuitive and does what it promises!
Would like to see the book cover when it loads rather than a status bar.  Otherwise perfect.
great
Cant live without it
Does exactly as advertised.
Simply the best tablet epub books reader!
Wow the best text book reader ever!!!
All formats support
App unexpectedly closes, sometimes freezes and is unresponsive. Nexus 7 2nd generation . Works well with epub files but I'm sick of it crashing.
The best reader. Works great on my Samsung galaxy.
Good lol
The best of all things!
Great reader! If you want to reward the developer, look for cool reader bronze, silver or gold, which are by itself a cool way to appreciate an author
Didn't load any of my PDF and couldn't decode Arabic in the doc files
Best reader
The Best Reader Ever Time
Definitely worth downloading; probably the best free reader around.
Well i just installed this app the other day thinking i'd have to delete it like all the my other Ebook apps. Anyways,to my surprise, this turns out to be simply the best & easy-to-learn app. Love it and adore its functioning. It's quite responsive and is the kind of app books lovers would love to use everyday. Hats off to the makers, God job !!
thank u...
The best
Good and getting better.
This is the best app for ereadinb
It is Not reading chm files. Application is closing suddenly. CHM dosyalarn da okuyan uygulama oldugunu dusunerek note 8 e kurdum. Maalesef okumad.  Bilmedigim bisey mi var acaba.  Yardmc olursanz sevinirim.
Cool app
This reader is easy to use, and lacks the "issues" of many other readers. Recently, hubby was using a different reader he claimed he liked... Until he tried to read a poorly scanned copy of a classic book. Instead, I downloaded this AP, and found a free copy of the same book - UNabridged. He is finding it MUCH more pleasant, and deleted the other reader entirely. Comfortable font-size, lighting options, and padding are some of the high points.
I think this is the best app for ereading...I've used it for a long time...
Comment
I like it better than any other e readers like nook, aldiko, kindle... It's easy to use, configure and download e books
Very pleasant background reader. I'd improve death function as it's difficult to navigate it. Big thanx to developer!!!
Been using it for six months now on my old devices . Very good app. Free from ads as well. Reads all ebook formats . Though I wished it could sync with my kindle too.
I'm still used to kindle, and had it not broken on me when I upgraded to 4.3, I'd still be using it, my books are in Mobi format, and I like when the new chapter starts at the top of the page, and I can't figure out how to do that with cool read, but apart from that minior thing, this works. So kudos to Cool Reader.
No support for arabic language
Obviously the best reader in Google play store
Absolutely good apps
Reads aloud a couple of pages then repeats
There is nothing else to wish for, the reader has every feature you might need
AS ITS NAME. A COOL READER EVER. have been used many reader apps but this one is the best
Works well on Nexus
Having problems with reading some books that can be read normally with a PC.
Why is this reader always show table lines? Very ugly.
It's very good,I have been using it for over a year.I would like to have the bookshelf feature added to it.
Really awesome It doesnt crash at all :)
   ,  -     HTC One     .   .
Very comfortable and user friendly app with a lot of functionalities
brilliant app.love it and it works very well.
Been using this app since I discovered it in Nov 2011 and have not found anything better the only issue I have with it is it does not read pdf but there are other apps for that. If you are looking for a good feature rich multi eBook reader look no further
I guess this is the best reader ever, even though I haven't used many more. But this one absolutely rocks! COOL!
i hope this could read a fdf format
Recommended reader..thanks so much to dev!
  ,    (     )     ,    
Nice!
Nice one.
Really like it. My first reader very recommended it.
It was an awesome app. But after some time I used it it got broken. Upon starting the app it immediately closes the screen, lets nothing to be seen. Completely unusable now :(
I love reading it helps me rest
I've been using this app for over 3 years!! Thank You Vadim for such a smart and user friendly reading application. I like night mode, you can adjust the dimness to your liking. Great to read when the lights are low or off. I read alot of epub. I like this app better than kindle. It always opens up to where I left off on the current book I'm reading!! Excellent!! Device=Kyocera Hydro Edge.
Great app, but it started glitching when I try to open it last week for some reason.
The aesthetic is nice, but Android doesn't recognize Cool Reader as a mobi reader. So since there's no association, you can't open the file unless you open it from CR. Also, doesn't read djvu, which would be nice.
Very good app n with good UI..
It doesnot launch and if it launches gets stuck
Greatest ever
I have tried a lot of other readers on the play market and this one just wins for me. Reads any books I want, easy to use, great features. May not be the prettiest but it is without a doubt the best.
Excellent reader! Thank you!
This reader is amazing I use it all the time. It is so flexible and user friendly...I need to figure out the read aloud property sometime o_O I prefer reading by myself but it won't do any harm ;-)
I like ut a lot and i use it on my tablet, but most of the time  have to download a file multiple times before ut shows up on cool reader. Any idea on how to find the downloads?
Not responding, gowno i tyle
This is the best e-reader around. I have used it for over 1 year and have tried several... I read a lot and this one is the best.
Suberb app in android i luv it alot suberb layout
More than what you want in the functionality of an ebook reader. And none of the crap you don't.  Quite possibly the best ebook reader on Google Play. Give this man your money.
This is the best e book ive ever have. Thanks
I've always got my phone with me, so I've always got all my books.  Slowly building up my digital library and getting rid of the tree-killer books.  Love this app!! :)
I kikey Likey
Cool Reader is cool. My primary ePub reader on both my smartphone and tablet. I like the way it manage and handles layout, superb!
Best of the best of the best
Existing & excellent
it reminds me last reading session as well as that book keeps first on list. so just download this app.. its really cooool...
Pls help me to show tamil font...thank u...
All the 'good' bells & whistles _ 5 stars
I downloaded this app because of the many good reviews  it got but it was such a disappointment! It crashed every time I tried to open my books. Also, the app claimed to support .prc file but I couldn't open any of my .prc books. Not only that,  It was having problems opening epub file books as well.  I had to unintall if from my phone.
   !          !
Rili kulB-)
TTS doesn't work in other languages except Russian
Supports most of the formats
One of those apps i cant live without
It can't display thai in opening doc file, but still can use TTS in thai well. If fix this, I'll give 5 stars for sure.
Gajab app banaya hai...laaai bhaari
I
Simple & effective app
Very functional and easy to use reader. Currently installed on all my devices.
Ve spojeni s Ivetou (synteza reci)  me cte v aute
Still love this app more than the other eBook readers out there... Just one thing... Cud u fix autoscroll so we cud set the speed? Currently the default is too quick. Also page turn animation needs improvement
If screen rotation is enabled on SG 3, than book is rotated upside down. Evrything else is perfect.  UPD: Need ti set manually screen oriantation to sensor, no portrait.
Great eReader, lots of customization, little bloat and has handled the diverse formats I've thrown at it so far.  I noticed that every once in a while (probably once or twice in the last year that I've used it), it would "forget" where my progress was in some .txt files but the UI is friendly enough that I could find where I left off easily.
Couldn't open my documents!  Deception!
Install it
Excellent ebook Reader, able to read mobi format unlike most of the top rated readers.
Not supporting pdb and is very slow
Best reader I ever had.
Does just what the label says. It's a reader, and it's cool, and it deserves five stars. Happily opens different formats. It doesn't care if you bought them from outside of the Amazon Kindle store. It's happy with Smashwords files. It's happy with text files. It's happy with ePub, mobi and doc files. Quite simply I love it, and I have ditched the Kindle app because CoolReader is a lot better.
1star poor
I can't open my PRC format e books using this apps. Is this format partially supported or not at all...??.
Cool Reader outshines the other readers I've tried on my Android phone. The customization possibilities make it easily adaptable for each person's needs.
Since the latest update I cannot get text colour to be anything other than black. E.g. in night mode with white text on a solid black background the book text renders as black (unreadable) - but the Author Name, Book Title, Page Number etc do render as white.   Otherwise excellent!  UPDATE: Problem only affected the book I was reading at time of update. All working fine now.
Can be customised to the extremes. Whatever i can think of as "would be nice" is already there.
Best eBook reader for android. Great on my nexus4
 -  .      ,     .
It caused my galaxy s3 to restart the moment I tried to browse local files!
This shouldn't require phone identity in permissions.
Cool Reader is excellent...if you're willing to overlook the fact that it frequently forgets where you left off!  Today, it actually forgot the whole BOOK I was reading! Forget it. I'm done.
Superbbb app
Can't easily locate files in the system folders...
used to work fine but lately pages start to turn on their own and app becomes unresponsive  and I have to force stop it.
But I'm unable to use tts function..  Pls help.
Good overall but bugs on a book sometimes then crashes. You can then no longer open that file. Please bug fix this.
So great & easy & can personalize so much!!! The best ereader!!!
All is well...hai na..
This reader is both powerful and fast. It requires less memory that any other reader while boasting widest amount of features.  Only thing that could be improved is interface and default settings. Full screen without toolbar is essential, changing intricacies of heading sizes is not as used.
I love it!
But recently started bugging out. The book I was reading was going fine till about chapter 7. Now no matter how far ahead I read to the moment my screen goes off, I rotate the screen or leave the app it sticks me back at chapter seven.
Cool reader is great. But please add the effect of pages turning.
Likenit more than kindle
Nice
Simply the best one I used.
Great app. Many useful settings. Great night reading mode.
Decent app, does what it states. However on the latest update permissions have changed to include reading call lists. Why is this? I do not think this is acceptable.
Used to be a 5 star app, but the latest update crashes every couple of pages.   When this issue is addressed, it will be back to 5 stars
stick to reading from storage
One of the best apps in Android and a must have if you love reading books. I wish I could rate it more than 5 stars because it doesn't get any better than this. Should be a paid app.
Great app in general but tts is really bad. Doesn't keep the rate settings. Messes up the page layout. Annoying!
Program closes for no reason
V. Good
Works on all formats I've tried
Can't open any chm files.
it's good to know that it can read epc files as well which  the other ebook readers can't.. just improve the IU and it would be fun :)
Just delivers what is expected of it..!
Love this app. The best eBook reader app out there, and free too. Works perfectly. Plays any book file I throw at it. Rarely use my kindle anymore.  Mostly use My Razor max running this app. Five stars from this avid reader. Thank you.
The bugs are slowly getting ironed out. However I switch from read aloud for the car to reading myself when I'm able. Every time I have to mess around in the settings to stop the text from not wrapping to the screen size. Fix this and 5 stars.
Very cool....
Very good ! 5 stars
The best app for book lovers! Thank you!
Very convenient with a lot of customization
Nothing is worse than not be able to finish a book that you open before without any trouble... crash without any message or error and no way to fully clean cash.... removed.
False advertising?
Please fix problems in opening all formats of books including PDF it force closes often please fix it in next update.please update fast
Best free reader on the Play Store!  Having to reject a call to stop playback and then call back was a pain. Love the latest update... keep up the great work!
Very good app does what its supposed to.
Do not work in my Samsung galaxy tab 2.
Did not find a book that is not opening here.
Best reader I've found
This is from oneAndroid developer to another, so pls read carefully.  If you put 18 hidden buttons on the reading page, at least make a tutorial for God's sake. See how Google does tutorial by disabling entire views and showing a big dialog.  Menu is too crowded. It has too much littlefl features. Implement Google Analytics, see what is used and lose the rest.  Never, ever override volume keys! I listen to music while reading for example. If I want to move the page I can swipe.  SIMPLE IS BETTER &ELEGANT
Pretty good app. I like idea but the visual display is broken up and a pain to read. Formatting, such as bullet points, throws it off. I think it has potential, but needs some work.
Excellent reader
So Sel
It wont let me read any books
Downloded a txt via Google Drive. Cannot open the file clicking on the file. No book found error.
Coooooollllllll
Does what it says and eye friendly. Cheers to the dev team!
Explosive explosive plosive!!!!
Not loaded with ads, access to online catalogs a huge plus! Easy and intuitive interface!
Simple, easy to use, and does exactly what it says
Haven't tried all features yet but am impressed with the control it allows when viewing ebooks.
why can't open prc file larger than 800 kb??
It's easy to use and loads quite quickly. Very user friendly. I suggest this to everyone. The only issue I havr with this is that when you jump to a diffetent page from the table of contents or when you jump to a bookmarked or highlighted page, once you press the back key, it goes back to the page you were last in. Besides that, it' good.
Very useful
The best apps in whole Google play. Thanks Vadim for your effort to make this apps better and better. Looking forward for the new updates
All that pops up is "Error 404"
Best reader there is
One of the best readers around, lot of custom settings.
Just works perfectly
Everything about this app is wonderful but I tell you please improve the page transition effect. It's just obsolete. Improve it make it look like real and 5 stars.
It's gud and working properly so just download and enjoy
The most consistently good reader.
I use this to read all of my e-books (except for pdf and txt). Easy UI, highly customizable set up, overall awesome!
New app requirements require access to private information.  Downgrading from 5 stars to 2. Will be looking for an alternative, less noisy app.
I have used this app for a year now and it is by far the best one on the market!!! Thank you Vadim!
It nice to read .pub file.
Very good app and easy to use, has everything you need,  would give 5 stars but menu lags sometimes on my htc one
Hi This is a good app however it does not work with opds servers that require passwords
Very good otherwise, will give it Cinco Diamante once this issue is addressed
Brilliant! Need to add a slider to move to other page easier
Was working beautifully until recent update 5* and then the fonts all failed. Defaults to a ghastly san seriffed font that is  hard to read and changing the font doesn't make any difference.
One of the bests apps for HTC units. Good work guys.  Kudos!
I enjoy your program.
The best
My favorite feature, the text to voice, often repeatedly reads the first page over and over rather than reading from the page I'm on or continuing
Great reader, would highly recoment it, just install "fora dictionary" along with it this way you can use offline dictionary from within the reader.
Mostly "cool" but frequent crashes make it unusable.
Buggy, but it somewhat compatible with lots of ebook format.
I like it
Too many options makes it hard to operate the app and trying to change the options is difficult as well as it appears to have no effect.
Love it,thank you very much!
A great app. Keeps me reading through out train travels, sleep time, etc.
Cool.
Because of people like Vadim I am reading books like crazy again. Very versatile, reliable and stable!!! Not a single issue on my LG 2.2 android as well as on my Ramos w41 4.1 device.  All my friends and family are using this app (those who have the android device...LOL)
Thank you
why can't the punctuation in my txt file won't come up the words are fine though
one of best free ebook reader... allin one solution... great job....
All Chinese words become question marks...
like it. need to improve UI
Cooool
Ok
Kudos to the author!
Very good. In begali language, "khub valo".
Gr8
The UI is a little busy, but it always works well. This is what I recommend friends use.
Works well. Like the choice of font colors on night time reading background.  Sometimes audio reader doesn't work correctly-it gets stuck on a section and keeps repeating it instead of continuing on. Five stars when that gets fixed.
Locks up my tablet had to remove up till then iloved it
best for the NookSimpleTouch!!!
of the selection of book readers that I have tried this is the best. It supports all the formats I use except PDF & displays them unobtrusively. However, the latest update has made the background darker so not so easy to read.
It does the job.
 ,  ! , ,   google !    !
Cool
Useful
Does the job.
Very user friendly. Easily tweeked to fit an reader's preferences.
Does a great job arranging and displaying .epub
Awesome
Love it.
This is the best ebook reader that I've ever used. I have this installed in all of my android devices. Highly recomended.
You should not have changed the permissions and asked for more. This is NSA time people are not willing to let you invade our privacy. Uninstalling.
Pretty much the best reader out there. Wish the dictionary was easier to use (long press?) but still a great app. Especially love that I can dim it very low. Thanks.
Man you Rock stadiums
I love this app.
Some features could be more intuitive but overall a great free App.
The best app to read novels in. I love it.
Why do you need phone identity and to know about phone calls?
This reader is free, supports a wide range of eBook formats and allows for customization of a lot more than just the font style and size. It has worked out amazingly for eBooks that were on my PC but not purchased via Google Play or the Kindle Store.
Excellent
This app is beautiful.  With my e books is like having a library that's easily interactive at my fingertips
This very good. I laike. Lol. I'm kidding. This is a very good app. Keep working on the UI into making it more better. Good job guys.
Nice tool
This app is awesome. Easy to read my books in the go.
It's a great reader. Searching folders is a great option.  I wish there more background layouts.
Very good app.
Please remove outdated links
Amazing reader all it needs is PDF support.
Excellent compatibility. The ability to search books by folder is a highly underrated feature. Plenty of features for noobs and advanced alike. By far the easiest to use with advanced tools.
Ability to sync across multiple devices and computers would be awesome.
Cool app
Thank you! 5 stars for no other reason than full disclosure, notifying users of and explaining new permission. If only more devs would do this, and more users would pay attention to what devs are doing on their devices.
I love it, it works perfect & has plenty of options. Thanks!
Crashes all the time on fb2 books at 70%,freezes my phone so i have to restart it. It was perfect reader ,but after the last update can't use it. I have asked to fix the problem several times  ,I waited for almost a year, so the problem will be fixed. But nobody cares... TOO BAD!!!
I wish it would allow me to import files from google drive. Until then it'll have to coexist on my phone with aldiko.
5+++
I love it so helpful and simple
No need to read identity and Phone state.Chrashes a lot to.Uninstalled
Wish there was an easy way to toggle off next page tap. I prefer to scroll the page up and down.
still has some quirks with caching, when out by, say, Home key, might later fail to open last book, and I had to remove the book's cache from .cr3 dir manually. also, if set to landscape mode, re-switches to it heavily after screen off. otherwise perfect, the best!
Excellent Ebook App ~ !!
Like:)
Excellent!  Options galore, works flawlessly.  This qualifies as a paid app it is that good!  Will be donating for this app.  No problems with it on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.0 7" tablet.  Needed something quick to read text files and this certainly fit the bill.
pls enable pdf format, thanks. and chinese font type
Sometimes not reads and it takes time to fit on screen and page hangs without proper scaling. Pages does not fit on screen.	Except given problems, its ok. Try it.
Latest version has closed/crashed a couple of times without resuming on the correct page. Still it is a feature rich reader and is one of the few capable of reading the mobi file format.
The UI is an eyesore and consumes more battery power than needed. Please get rid of all the graphics and use a simple black and white theme. Fyi, omled screens individually turn off pixels if they are pure black thus saving power.  Crashes constantly.
I love this little application, its nice and simple to use however its compatibility could be a little better, sometimes it can fail to read the books correctly and leaves out complete sections of text, I prefer to use cool reader, however for the present set of books I am reading, i am having to use FBReader, as cool reader leaves out almost anything written between quotation marks.
crashing frequently and starting from previous pages. Kindly correct the problem in otherwise a good reader
It is probably the best book reader out ther. Many will argue about google play or kobo. But the shear simplicity of display and tons of options to tweak the way a page is displayed is unmatched. I would have liked it even more if we had the option to share my book readings like kobo.
Best reader ever seen
Sucks
Excellent
most other readers can open texts immediately but this app need 5 to 10 seconds to open and formatting. also page turning is slow.
Feels like reading any old book...: ) amazing feel..
It was so great that I had suggested it to many of my friends, since it was handy and quick, but recently it just force-closes ALL the time. I will be forced to uninstall. I tried to put up with the problem, but I can't go five minutes without crashing!
         . .
End of story.  HTC One Google Play Edition.
I've been using another reader which was kind of crappy. Found this one. Much better! :)
  ,  ,     .
Great reader with support for lots of different formats.
Nice reader but can't read Tamil books. Am so sad. Kindly help me
Used to need two different apps to handle .txt files and then everything else. This one does both, and more customization options than you can shake a stick at. Well done!
Good
Fully featured
Will not open!! I need to read my book, I am very upset! Please fix!!
This is a good bookreader but doesnt get five stars because its started to crash after reading ten pages or so. Unless that can be fixed i'll have to find something else for my epubs. Update.. still no fix for this so its gonna be moonreader.
This is so far the best ebook reader app i have used. But the interface could be a little neater and more user-friendly.
Best I've found yet!
Easy to use. Good free app.
The app is crashing while trying to read mobi file..
Ow yeah!!! Xna madownload cu agad..
glupost
Works fast and smoothly
steph on Techno T3 good and easy to use. I like it
I REALLY enjoy the "night mode", which makes the background dark with light letters. I can read & get sleepy without overly stimulating my brain before bed!   Has many other features & settings like changing the font style & size PLUS it plays files that I read only on my Palm Treo in the past (PDB)!!  Very impressed!  :-)
Nice
I love this reader most of all and I've tried a lot of them on the market. Even paid for one JUST to try it and felt jipped after using cool reader. Wish I would have found this one first. Don't bother with the others, you'll thank me later.
This app is to read all type of files....
      .    ,    .     !
The best application ever
I am an ebook creator who is testing various eBook readers. This reader doesn't do its job well. 1) can't display font color, 2) can't adjust font size, 3) error render sentences contains Chinese and English. 4) can't display cover image. In short, can't display a simple epub format in proper.
Nice interface, easily reads book files, best reader I've found so far
Google nexus tablet Apps opens fine but when I'm trying to scroll down to see all my books, it let's me scroll down to maybe 10 or so books before it restarts me back up at the top/beginning of my list. I have over 50 books on my tablet. For some reason all my books are showing up as doubles. Sometimes while I'm reading the app crashes and I lose the spot I was reading when it closes out by itself. :( Help please?
Best reader there is except for one thing that can kill it. In the menu I clicked on fill screen for the text. That hid the toolbar. Unfortunately it is permanent. You can no longer access the toopbar, menu or talk to text. I went back to Aldiko, not as good as Cool, but I have rendered Cool useless as soon as I went to full screen on the text. Uninstall, reinstall, cannot get it back to full function. DO NOT use the full screen for the text.
Tried to open apress book pro git, mobile fmt with no success. Looks like online directories are accessible but not searchable. I'm supposed to scroll through hundreds of books to find one? Might be a nice app otherwise but no thanks.
I want to use flipping style like original pages, although its cool which was I m finding.....
Best ebook reader
This is the app for readers .
Was a perfect reading experience. I just wish I could specify a home directory for my books.  Now it crashes when trying tk save preferences and doesn't remember the current page.
Amazing
 .  FC- ,  .   ,    , ,   ,   -  .  .  - , , ,  lite,   ,   ,    "  "  . -    ,   (), , , ,  . ,   -  .  -    ,      .
Error loading book......why ? Best reader for me , but last update have bugs. Crashing all time
Might not be the best ebook app on the market, but using .mobi it makes an awesome text to speech book reader. I drive a lot and love being able to use it in car reading to me, and than being able start at same spot when I sit down to read it.
Works seamlessly on galaxy note 2.  Great to be able to read on phone and in windows. Very simple and quick. Highly recommended.
One of the best readers. Supports most ebook formats which other readers don't. Has a huge list of customizations and configurations. Needs a huge improvement on appearance tho, this one is not exactly easy on the eyes. Needs a library feature, just a list of few recently opened books is not helpful as you need to keep importing previous books. Needs more fonts !
Not so good
    4.0      .
Well-done! I needed a free book reader with tts, and I got more than that!
Unlike other TTS readers, this one is free - and it actually works!  Nice to be able to listen to books that are available only in print form.
Good app
Best free reader on market for your .mobi files
Too many options for me. Need an original book view option
Excellent
Its a good app just one thing.....when I put on autoread function it reads only that one page.....its tedious to again n again start day....google play book app dosnt hv dis restriction it continues til v stop it
BUT! Last version eats whole RAM memory, and works unstable. Hope author will fix that soon. Still 5 stars.
All what you need to read
One suggestion only. It would help if the in-program clock could be updated once a minute. As it is now if I'm reading a book, put handset to sleep, awake it later. the clock is not updated. Only after changing pages it gets updated.
Nice UI, friendly but do not support Vietnamese, have problem on navigate menu
Best book reader so far! Great job! Please continue the development!
I like it but sometimes it closes for no reason and forgets which page you are on, going back to previous last page. Sgs2 & google nexus 7 & Samsung galaxy note2
Man I love this app for reading on mobile. You guys did a solid build here, when I can't hold a book I know cool reader is there for me.
Nice
Simply the best among book reader apps.
Simple and clean interface with options to customize everything I could think of: fonts, hinting, backround, text coverage, spacings background etc. Oh, and it's free, even though it really deserves your money.
A great epub reader with lots of options for customization. My only complaint is that there is only one voice for reading aloud. I would like to have several other voices to choose from. And ofcourse I wish the voice was more life like.
If this reader didn't crash so often and forget what book and page I was on it'd easily be the best one out there.
The best ereader i've ever seen. Thanks go to Vadim!
Back to perfection.
I don't know whether it is my device fault or the apps fault it crashed on the first time and never run well in my device, I prefer aldiko over any other readers the only issue with it is that it does not support page scrolling
Except for one crucial feature: looking up words on Google.
It crashes all the time.
I really like it and I never had problems with it.
This app is ugly!!!
Love it read many good books with this app!
I was been WOW-ed with the features it have & the 9  quick one-touch & 9 quick double-press shortcuts & the best thing is that all are customizable which I find the most helpful. also to mention the sliding features...   Imagine I can switch to day/night modes, jump or go-to pages, switch fonts, enlarge/shrink fonts, toggles fullscreen, etc.. each can be done either single or double press, depending on my settings... ;-)
A very good reader but it seems to crash fairly often and doesn't remember your page afterwards.
But the shutoff button backlight does not work for my HTC one  and I can't seem to get the info bar working but other than that awesome reader
So good
Cannot find language choice.  Default is French and I need English
My favourite eBook reader, use of all the time.
Doesn't open epub files.
I cant open my .prc files. all of it.
This is the best e-reader out there. But the text highlight is really bad. I need to highlight a lot when I read and it would be great if the feature was as good as that of google and apple reader. But thanks for this app.
It is the best ebook reader... Thanks
Excellent reader. But after the last update it always crashes. Please fix it
Almost anything you can think of can be adjusted to suit. It a lot more sophisticated than it first appears when compared to the big name readers
Nice and good
Simple interface,reads a variety of file extensions (not only pdf and epub), and has customizations fit to user's different preferences!
Does not open most of my .epub files. Otherwise reading is comfortable...
Good app
Experiencing same crash issues as others when trying to read my epubs. Doesn't matter what book I'm reading it continually crashes.
Simply the best, it takes even rtf. Never crashes, so reliable, always remembers last page. Every time I use it, every time I really enjoy it. Only for djvu and pdf I have to use another one, the rest it takes just fine. It gives SO many options to customize reading exactly the way I want, realistic pages, a lot of themes for background, diffrerent control options, it has everything for my convenience and I am really happy with this reader!
Was very happy with it on my GoClever 974.2 tablet until the last update and after that zilcho. Uninstalled and previous version didn't boot either. Reinstalled still nothing. Would have rated much higher had I been able to use it.
This is the only reader I found that let's me keep my books on my external SD Card.  Nice reader, too.  Thanks.
Love it
Installing .....
Book get loaded, formatted and then waiting waiting book doesnt open.. then hangg... i am uninstalling it..
great
Few suggestion  1. Read aloud can not hide in background 2. Main display needs user customisation feature
My my favorite app. Easy to use. Autoscroll very useful feature. I use it a lot.
This reader has an extremely unattractive design and minimal features. I don't know why it's so highly rated. Try Moon+ Reader instead. It's way more intuitive and has a wonderful design. Plus, you can highlight, annotate, and search straight from the page.
Thanks, for this special invent of bible  reading and for your services to this special aivence company.	Thanks, I love it .
Just what I needed, better than any other readers.
Cert good spp for reading books. I recomand.
Sometimes crashes and cant open books when they worked before uninstalling
ok compared to other
I think this is an amazing app to read anything
Little learning curve but well worth installing
It's a very good application but it was very cool if it can display PDF books
Its a really awesome app I am very happy to using it .it has each and every reading feature and full of ease ness
Have used this for a while now and the improvements keep coming. File management is better and Cool Reader is up there with the best. Keep it up dev!
Excelent! Diacritice romanesti, setari fundal, marime fonturi si multe altele.
That is good application for everybody who needs .doc file opening.
Interface is superb
So, I've been a dedicated user of this app for a long while now, and everything has been fine. And then some genius (That'll be you Vadim Lopatin I presume?) went and updated it to something that continually crashes... A true masterstroke in user hostility generation... Well done.  Uninstalled... Moon reader is better anyway. I am forced to give this exercise in stupidity the minimum of one star, but that is about 4 billion stars too many.  DON'T buy this app for anything more than ABSOLUTELY NOTHING folks, attempt to use at your own peril.
I used it for a while. Found it crashed a lot and forgot the locations of my books. I finally switched to another popular reader that doesn't crash as much and looks nicer.
Highly customisable.
Has everything I wanted in a reader. Integrated dictionary support, visual themes, multiple formats it's all there.
But the root interface could do with a makeover - prettify - maybe a generic book shelf style . customisability of reading experience is excellent
Za sve koji koriste srpski jezik - sjajna aplikacija. Otvara mobi, epub i, sto je navaznije, .doc tekstove. Podesiva "u sitna crevca". Ipak, ima probleme kada treba pokazati i slike uz tekst, pa je tako dobra za citanje samo tekstualnog prikaza. Idealno za romane.
Cant complain
Cooool
Locked up as soon as it starts
Just awesome
Cool
I find that there are better options out there.
Easy to use and comfortable to read.
Donated, love the app hope support continues, it's still incredible. The new version has colour icons for settings, that hurt my eyes at night. I can't seem to turn them off. Not happy about backlight going higher just to support people who don't know how to reset their device, there should be an option somewhere to enable lowest backlight.  The most important fault with the user interface is that its not possible to hide viewing options, e.g. online catalogs, find book, books by authors etc. At the least these should be much smaller in comparison to a grid or coverflow of books that you can scroll through. Even better would be just the grid of books with the option to sort by recent, author, title etc, along with a search bar somewhere. <p>  While the search options are good they should be consolidated, at least visually, and there should be the option to disable the icons from the menu.   Would like new books to remember my preference for disabling internal styles.  Would love an option to backup and restore settings. Would also love option to hide icons or tint them all grey or another colour. Thanks v much for this app :)
My favorite reader
Does what I need it to and more. So much more that I dont understand over half the features lol
Now it crashes all the time.
After trying out several eBook readers I finally came upon Cool Reader. After reading several dozen books with this app, I can say that I am in love despite some of its flaws. The most jarring flaw is the random crashing that occurs in the latest version. It wouldn't be so bad if it didn't cause me to lose my place on relaunch. As soon as this bug is dealt with, it'll be a solid five star rating.
Good applictn
Extremely slow to load, strange formatting to display so-called chapter breaks gave me 6 pages with a new "chapter" every 30 words. As of yesterday, the program closes as soon as it loads and "formats" the book. Uninstalled.
I use it on Nexus 4 and Nexus 7. I ended up choosing it over the alternatives because the text looks the best with this one, due to the fact it supports hyphenation dictionaries and floating punctuation as well. Since most time is spent on reading, therefore it matters the most. Other readers somehow manage to overlook this
This is what exactly I've been looking for to view my documents n books  that I stored in my sd card.
Last update I get random Chinese in txt files till then it  was my fav reader. Can't you fix this I really love your reader. Still there a year later.
An excellent e-reader.  Wish locating available files were easier.
One of the rare readers that respect style formating (tables, headers, code) but fonts show heavy pixels, even with antialiasing on. Looks rough.
Good.
Great app for reading epub format ever
Love it,just hope for more font styles
Works well on more interesting downloads... iuw.
I love the way this app works blazing fast in every format
It's a decent epub book reader and it's ad free!!!
Title says it all. I love it. I use it every night to read to help me sleep.
Nice
This has everything you need in a reader. Still learning all of the functions. Beats anything I've used so far.
Keeps crashing a lot. Very nice application, but it's annoying with the numerous crashes. 4 stars until the fix.
Love it!
Great app txt reader. Love it..cheers to the developers!!
Cool app
It works. Does exactly what I wanted it to do. So I'm happy. ~Kudos
Easy access. My most used app. Good job developers.
Read aloud function has started looping.  Its the one reason I chose this app.  Please fix! Thank u
For a long time I was very happy with Cool Reader because it displayed rtf files with a navigable table of contents or bookmarks. Version 3.1.2-33 no longer displays TOC or bookmarks and it has lost much usefulness for me and  s no better than other reader apps for Android. I have written to the developer but got no answer. Unless some user can tell me how to recover the TOC or bookmarks I will uninstall the program and regret having made a donation.
Cool interface with an almost book like feel, features to add bookmarks and comments makes it a really COOL app. The best among the ones I have come across so far.
Best app for reading texts! I got everything I need and now it can even  adjust brightens with a finger scroll on the left side of the screen! Great!!
My ebook reader
Love this app.
Very good. The best reader out there
In my opinion the best epub reader on android. Works flawlessly and looks great.
Needs to update to fix crashes otherwise I love this app when it works
Sometimes the pages flip by itself and no memory of the previously read page, fix that and you'll be five stars..!
Wow!! This is cool. Wish I could learnn how to put books in it.but that is my fault
This seems the coolest text-reader that I have ever seen. It would be better though if there is an option for the Auto-scroll (by line, pixel, etc)
After updating on android 4.2 - the program start to crash very often (1-2 times per hour). After crash it usualy lost my position in text and sometimes even load another book.
Keeps randomly crashing on my HTC one x and putting me back several pages. True full screen and the ability to dim the devices control keys would be good too. But I do recommend, despite the issue above still best reader out there, sort the crashing out and 5* for sure.
I like
I love having one app to read mobi, epub and pdf formats but cool reader doesn't stop there. And it gives me more customizable options than I could possibly need. Someone who wants everything just so will love that.  Only complaint is that the app locks up sometimes on my asus transformer. This doesn't happen often enough to take away a star but it does happen.
I never liked to read book, it was boring to read paper books. I found this app, downloaded same titles and could not stop reading. I do recommended for others to do the same. Suggest to make a sync function for phone and pad. It would be even Cooler....
The interface looks very homemade though. Could do with a highlighter & notes.
   -. .
Best of the kind soft ever!
I've tried pretty much every reading app out there and this one is the best by far. Completely configurable. Love it!
Best reader for docs books.  Amazing options!
 ,    . !     ?!    ,      .
I really find this app the best reader for all types of files! I recommend it
I was blown away by the immense amount of features packed into this light, ad free app!
Free as in freedom!
Nice
Great reader only real complaint is the read aloud voice
Best reader ever!
dont save and brings back to 1st page each time u open it
On Epub just started to exit to home about 3 times in hour without popping the crash dialog. I believe it happens on page change. Must be WinDeath. Otherwise love it and use for 2 years now for all reading formats.
This app looks like crap. Please use some of that donation money and hire a designer.
It has great potential,  but some features don't work well.
I use it for studying. Great to have. I will be donating soon
Highly customizable, stable. And I just love it to read on "paper 1" texture as background. Many thanks to Vadim for that excellent app!
This is better than any
I absolutely love this app but I recently switched to windows phone. This app isn't on Windows Phone 8 though. Wish you'd adapt this app for Windows Phone too.
By far the best app I've used for reading and. quick easy and simple. Being able to switch from day mode to night mode and being able to customise each mode is an awesome feature.
The best reader app for your phone. Very simple and easy to use.Only wish is that it could read word docx files but other than that I've read a lot books using this app.Highly recommend it
Nice one:-)
It was a really cool reader and I`ve been using him for a long time. Now he crashes 10 times a day and starts again on previous pages. Uninstalled.
Great!
The best e-reader that I tried
Ever since I ditched my iphone the only app I missed from iOS world was Stanza - the big daddy of all eReader apps. But cool reader is the closest I find in andriod world and what blew me over was the text to speech add-on. If only the developer adds a little check to pause the speech once a call comes it would be perfect.
Before last update this app wad perfect. After it diesn't see doc files anymore. Why is that?
It reads mobi files but the over all design is terrible. Could use some look and feel work.
Would have been a cool reading app but the fact that books can't download makes it a pain in the ass
Support many format. Fast and easy to manage my e-books
Great reader. Opened every file I tried.
 -,   .  .
, cool
Has many nice features but the deal-breaker for me was that it doesn't recognize embedded links.
As soon as I open my epub book the app crashes. This book has worked perfect in the past.
Best reader - I tried a number of them. Only issue is after I upgraded to HTC one, the font sizes got screwed up - the largest one is what use to be medium on my HTC raider... Could u fix that? I''ll donate more...
Used to use kindle, this is so much better. The options can be confusing but allow everything to be adjusted to your preference. Best feature is tts, having your current book read to you by ivona while driving or in bed is priceless.
Love customising the short and long taps while reading an epub. Love the day /night setting. Love fullscreen.
There is no other way to put it - simply amazing.
The best reader I've tried so far, but the latest collection of books I have are in PDF format, so I'm suffering reading in adobe, please add PDF reader!!!
Tried looking for a TTS system to read my EPUB books aloud. This does exactly that but there's no way (that I found) to skip to a chapter or use bookmarks at all. It also kept (gracefully) crashing on my device. I later found Mantano premium, though expensive, is exactly what I needed with a much better interface to boot.
No highlighting.  No anotations.  These are key features to me.  I will stick to Mantano. It is better by far.
....
An excellent book reader that I finally settled on after having tried a number of free book readers in the app store
It also caused my phone to get stuck, get rebooted a couple of times and a few other slight malfunctions which went away once I uninstalled it. However I am sure I am unique in having this problem on my Galaxy Y Duos as apparently no other user reported such things. Please look into the problem and sort it out and I promise to give nothing less than 5 stars.  Update to my comment: Installing this app screwed up my phone.
Cool!
Cool Reader is very, very close to what I want & need: A reader w/ intelligent paging and page advance. Vital features are high-quality rendering of text & graphics, & really simple page advance (swipe, flip, tap, etc.). Cool Reader has these, making it better than Polaris Office (lacks smart page advance) and better than readers with poor rendering.  But it's missing one critical feature: Integration with the "Complete action using..." menu. When I access a PDF online (whether directly via my browser, via Google Drive, etc.), I very much want my preferred app to be in the "Complete action using..." list. Forcing me to download the doc then go find it on the filesystem is a usability fail.  Other things that would be nice would be direct Google Drive integration - but I can live without that, as long as I have the above.  Overall, it's a good app, nice look and feel, plenty of configuration options, once I'm in a doc. But the lack of "Complete action using..." integration is a showstopper. Without it, I'll either stick with Polaris Office or I'll keep hunting for a better reader.  Add "Complete action using..." support and I'll gladly buy a donation version.
Too much memory use!!!
Nifty free reader!
I wanted this to read the text to me and it does, so Im happy.
Good appearance, but when I added a large epub file it was very slow. In my experience I was better off using fb reader. I'd highly recommend that.
Cool Reader is the best e-book reader app I've tried: quick and easy to understand, navigate, and configure; widest selection of readable formats; totally free with no ads; and it's the best looking too (at least if you like aged-paper and wood-grain backgrounds, as I do). I would probably use Adobe Reader for PDF and a browser for HTML, but Cool Reader for all other formats, and I can't think of any (except PDF, I think) that it won't read. It even reads PDB files like on my old reliable Palm-powered notebook. (I guess you'd need something else to break the DRM barrier, but as for me, I'm satisfied with the huge amount of reading matter available in paper books and non-DRM e-books.)
I liked Aldiko, but it diddn't have TTS.  I've tried MoonReader, FBReader...This seems to be the best, I also like page mode (as opposed to scroll)
I have tried almost every reader available on android and can safely say that this is the best reader available, the interface is really nice and it has plethora of options yet they don't seen to be imposing.  And' another great thing is' all this is completely free. To support developers, I will surely be donating in all three versions.
Easy to use, so can get stuck right in very pleased with this gem
Nice app. But needs fix to take rotation lock into consideration.
Does not show more than 3 books in category while browsing calibre opds
There are a ton of features here, but you only need to change the ones you want. Also lets you point to custom folders, as opposed to Akildo, which makes you copy everything you already have into its own folder.
Good TTS. Good controls. Handy hidden on-screen buttons. RTFM. If it did PDF wouldn't need anything else. Only complaint is the way it handles the notif bar.
Don't know why, the application closed on its own after few pages. I have to restart once again.
Best ePUB/MOBI reader Ive used. Best e-reader period...
This works perfectly Couldn't ask for better Thanks!
Tried many readers...  Problem with aldiko was scrolling..  Moon + reader was annoying for the scroll as well...  Have been using this awesome app ever since I've discovered it.  Excellent.
Add a shelf view like aldiko and this would be the ultimate app.  Love the way you can add a series specification and the books show in relation to that. So many readers don't do that. Finally all my books are in the correct order! Also love all the customizable content. Would also love if the home screen showed just the imported books not a directory. Fix the shelf view and the home screen issue and this will be five stars.
Do i need more from a reader? Obviously not.This is an excellent app for a reader addict.Thank you.
Easy on the eye, comfortable with intuitive design
I love this app, it's the easiest to use among all my reading apps and functions well. Only problem is, latest books don't show up on the app for some reason. Is there a book limit?
Failed to display text properly formatted
wonderful reader
How do u find books?
Finally, a good reader!
My favorite app for reading
Hv been doing well with chinese text but just after my epad got updated to jelly bean,the chinese text are no longer supported.
Awsm
Deg
I've tried a few eReaders app, but end up finding this to be my favourite eReader. My only complaints is that when viewing images from a ePub files, we do not have the option to rotate the image. As a results of not being able to rotate image that were display sideways, I am unable to read the text on the images unless I disable the rotation of my tablet.
Im pleased with this app. Nicely designed and user friendly. Simple and at the same time solid reader. I deeply appreciate developer for giving this app for free! Please keep working on this app toward adding new features and capabilities. Great effort.  !   ------------------------------------------------  User of ASUS Transformer Prime TF201
With the paper background. It also crashed.
Any chance for pdf?
Best impl - hyperionics tts+ plugin
Slick layout and design and very functional but it sometimes just throws away a letter, word and sometimes entire sentences. Some books the text size just becomes massive halfway through.
Not useful until it opens pdf.
Right in the middle of a good book and it just stopped working. Can't read the book. Uninstalled and tried reinstalling it with no luck. Permanently uninstalled, which is a shame because up until that point it was a good app.
Fix it!!!it cant even open my ebooks properly...you have so many control buttons that doesnt even work.
I love love love it! No issue whatsoever (so far)
It is just perfect
Works great
Very cool app
Very smart and easy to use app. Please make a sync with an email, I can't set up new android only because my bookmarks are very important !
The latest version lets me customise screen tap commands which stops the jumping 10 pages problem. Everything else was pretty much perfect anyway.
grt options..but tiresome to search the ebooks manually.
Works good.
easy to use..and I love its themes!
There are a few things, because I didn't gave a 5 stars. So there it is: 1. I need more fonts,  2. I didn't find smooth auto scrolling options with configurable scroll speed.  Fix this and u will get 5 stars from me. Good thing is that have NO ADS! Overall,  good job mate!
Excelent
it is the best. works fine. appreciation to the the CR Team.
The reader was updated, but there was no longer a link to Flibusta. Please bring it back.
Force closed.
You are hero of readers
Wow.. Thanks for this..its awesome...
I havent had a problem with this app. Easy to use nice theme.
READS WHATEVER!
Uuuuu
Excellent apps
5*, really love it and use very often!
one of the best reader..
been using it for mpre than a year now! hahaha
The Best ebook reader
5 star + ************
Awesome application. Very user friendly and simple to control, opens everything i needed. Only minor flaw is that sometimes when i start application it forgets that i was reading a book and it starts with screen to choose from library - but then when i open correct book it shows in correct place so everything is fine
nice keep it up
Title says it all!
I love this reader! Lots of ways to customize the look and it's really versatile. I only wish it could read PDF files
Tried othwr ereaders but this is the one that works for me. Very satisfied,love the variety of options.
By far the best reading app I have come  across.   I was looking for  something that supports bookmarks.  This does and has extra features I find very useful.
Nice features, frequent (!) crashes (HTC1X)... Shame.
Excellent
Wonderful programme. Thanks to the developer.
very customizable & works w many formats.
Nice application
Just wish i could view all my books at once rather then going folder to folder
Excellent
How to download books?? Plzz help! Unable to get it!!
lacks a bit polish especially in the presentation department.
Does what it claims to as well as having many bells & whistles.
I've had a few Ebook reader programs on my tablet but this one really does all that I want it to do, not only that it does it easily and quickly..  Brilliant!
Awesome epub reader, but it could still be better. Love to support but limited options in my country of residence ATM.  Overall recommended free reader for Android devices.
But can seem to get full English,
         .    3  72   .  ?  ,  .    .
Horrible app. Doesn't jump to chapters from index, slow pagination,often crashes with mobi files from Amazon.
Excellent, works great on my tablet
Couldn't open the only epub I wanted to read...
Nice
For reading books this app is great.  No perfect but it's my favorite.  Unfortuntely I didn't buy the app to read primarily I bought it for the "read aloud" feature.   This feature works... sometimes... if you like hearing the same passages over and over since it get's stuck in repeat loops and repeats the same text again and again.  The developer has known about this bug for some time, there's bug reports and numerous forum posts and emails sent but as of yet no recognition of the bug and no fix.   Vlad when can we expect this to be fixed so this can truly be the best ebook reader out there?
Wow, I'm very impressed with this app! I've tried other free readers on Android, but this one takes the cake! Tons of options are available, so I can read my books how I choose. I'm especially pleased with the backlight options. Less backlight equals less battery drain and more reading time! And all of this for the price of free? You can't go wrong! I will definitely be recommending this app to my friends. Kudos, Developer!
Great!!!
    .     e  .        .     . e    
Very useful, user friendly, i use it on my phone and I liked it from the first time I used it.
I am using this reader for a very long time. Everything was perfect until recently. It started to crash every few minutes. The worst thong is that when you start it again it puts you on the page where you have started your reading session. It is so annoying to look for the page where it crashed. Was great app. Wish I didn't update.
It's not reading Arabic texts?
Good
4 star due to the pdf support please add this support
Awful
Prefer this over moon reader.  Smoother page animation and more options.
Good job.
Tao bom quanto o Kindle
Changed stock nook color reader for this. Love it.
   .    .
Looks good
Based on other reviews this was the first reader I tried, and have not been even slightly disappointed. Whenever I think of something I want to do, I look, and the option is already there. Near flawless usability. Outstanding app.
Getting memory leaks on Android 4.2 resultibg in force close. Never had this problem before until most recent update
Terrible formatting and crashes all the time. Would not recommend.
Works with perhaps half my books - the rest, the app crashes back to desktop.  (PPrs resource forks in pdb containers, used by Peanutpress/Palm/Motricity/Fictionwise/Nook ereader format)
The mobile version is not reading the same files I use in my pc version at home
Best epub & mobi reader
The best reader yet! Read every book on my tablet
Exceollent reader!
All together its good.. nt m having prblm with brightness.. its night setting had some prblm suddenly... it became to bright ... d day n night settings r same nw... please check it out...
Easy to use, comfortable read layout, like the bookmarks & dictionary features. My main docs reader for very long time. Thanks!
Tts was working fine then just stopped working with no apparent reason.
Not very user friendly. You need to make it simpler for an enhanced user experience. Ditch the background.
Wont open mobi files.
I prefer Cool Reader (CR) to Aldiko. CR changes pages by swipe as you expect, rather than by tap. CR has many background color & texture options. CR allows brightness control by swiping screen. CR menus are allways visible. CR seems to have many more configuration options. YMMV.
Very good app. Can read .doc file. Open fast. Can use offline dictionary while reading. I love it.
Worked properly in the beginning but started to crash afterwards. very irritating, poor. Awesome initially, But bad due to crashing
Best reader I've tried,  would be great to get linked with Google drive
Best ebook reader ever. Works perfectly. Please add pdf support.
Awesome
Great for fiction; lets you fix bogus formatting and read books without annoyances. Only thing that bothers me is that the time and notifications are hidden while reading.
Searched many, but this one is truely the best!!!
This is wonderfull. Good job!
It won't even work
You do not need anything else. Its totally free without any advertising. Super easy interface, great customization, support for all popular format, stable. What else you need? You can download books from online library for free. The most unique features is , it can read the book & covert any book in to audio book.
It doesn't help at all!
this app did work fine but it no longer reads in audio sound on my Sony Xperia though works on my tablet & needs to read lit files
Love this reader  Works great  on me  LG optmious 2x. Love the GUI great apk DL it now
The name of the app says what it is.. Yes, the best app ever amongst all the eBook readers...
This is amazimg! Thank you!
Best e-book reader out there, opens my backup kindle books .pdb no trouble at all.
You guys need to add pdf to this reader....
Its a great app but a Times I try to read a book & it won't let me.But other wise its great!
Simple de usar y completo, he leido ya varios libros sin problamas.
I love this App and I use it on 2 ebook readers and my phone, however I have a request for development. Can a bookmark be set prior to closing my ebook which can bring me directly to that point on another unit, i.e. my phone?
It does what i want and more. For a free piece of software it really is amazing. A bit clumsy sometimes, but enough to really notice.
Its v slow uninstalling
Good for rtf files
Very good application I hope to support arabic language
Must try this reader. Its interface is very gud.
Best app
   .                    .?
I have downloaded my first ebook reader and i don't think so that i will have to download another one.
It doesn't have option to fix screen orientation!
Last update was completely worthless. The book does not save the location and always starts from the first page. Cannot add online catalogs.
Lost a star for PDF support
Best app I could find that would read .mobi, very happy!
One of the best. The only problem I found until now is that covers do not show on some ebooks but are shown on other reader apps. Also there is no book info field.  I guess nothing is perfect...Please add..
Takes almost 3 seconds to turn a page on my phone. That ruins everything for me so i'm going back to my previous reader, otherwise it was very good.
Reading a prc file, there is some texts lost not displayed! Update: There are text lost when reading Unicode text. Down to 2*
This app is just awesome. I have tried so many apps for ebook reading but I can say this is the best of them.
Brilliant app. Very versatile. Works great on my Atrix and Xoom. No longer need my old e reader. Thanks
Crashes far to much.
The most used app on my devices.
Use it all the time.
Excellent, except force closes when tap text
Love this app. Downloaded and immediately became my main go to for all my ebooks. Love the customization, the look, and the overall feel. Love it
Would like the time in 12hr as well.
I have tried to other people readers for my collection of Palm (pdb) books but this app blows me away, so many useful features, I particularly like the text to speech. Thanks again.
I really don't know what to say other than...i like it...a lot...this and moon reader so far my no.1 option for ebook reader.
The best ebook reader
Nice reader. Lots of features
For the last month or two, this app will not bookmark all the time, repeats sentences over & over again, and restarts at the first bookmark again even after I delete that bookmark (it re-bookmarks it on its own). VERY.FRUSTRATING! Please fix before I delete this app.
This is great reader, i like the look of old paper
Install update version is very slow zzzzzz
Multiple books can be read and the app remembers the page of each book where we left of. Can be integrated with Colordict and with a double click you get the meaning of the word.
Best reader application i ever used !!!
Interface looks like something I had on my old 286 computer.
Great free ebook reader, the only negative is the text to speech ability. The reader cannot say all words correctly
This reader is great full featured, simple to use and easy on the eyes. Seems to work with every type of eBook.
pros: first page has download option from gud book sites. Disadvantage: No right click options. It is not reading the text (text to speech). Old look in background is not interesting to study.
Also doesn't handle rtl non- Latin text.
Yuck
I put several of my e book on my phone to enjoy on the go. Love this app. Only issue I have is with illustrations but that may be from my end.
It's very irritative, that you never can get rid of those menu buttons while reading, please fix it! It WS my favorite reader! Ill change the mark back to give stars as soon as ill be able to read in full screen mode. Thank you.
Can not read aloud.  Samsung galaxy 3.
Excellent Reader
After only about 5 minutes of using this app, I knew it has to be absolutely the best reader app available at this time.  I am knocked off of my feet that the reader actually delivers on text to speech.  It even advances the text to each paragraph as it reads to you.  I can actually use my phone as to give a speech with choosing the right font  and the quick, smooth scrolling.  For my purposes, I no longer need to take my tablet every where.  Love this app.
Wow, I've installed all of the ereaders on the GP store, and this is the only one that seems to be more concerned with my reading than it is with making money for itself.  Vadim Lopatin has done an exceptional job not just making the best eReader on Android, but making it open source too.  The configuration options go on for pages. If you don't like the theme in the screenshots, fear not, not only can you change the textures, you can disable them completely. I've personally gone for the OLED friendly black screen with white text.  This is one of those few great apps that does what it does well, and gets out of the way so you can do what you want. Clearly the author uses this app a *lot*, as it shows the kind of polish that is rarely found in software.
It skips on me , I can't change the  page, otherwise it's pretty good
Of several epub readers I tried on my Nexus 7, this is by far the best.
Crashes constantly on HTC One X with Android 4.1.2. Great app otherwise.
Why it can't PDF is my only doubt
Great
Paid or other wise. Simple clean and not bloated.
The reader looks great but I was not able to open any of my kindle prc files. I get an unknown format error. I will keep the app installed in hopes of a fix in the future.
sometimes my reading progress has been reseted to a some very old state.
As the name shows, it's just simply cool :)
Great app, very easy to use and can be customized on all ways. The read aloud function works great and I link it up to the Ivona app - works great!
Huij Nhg
worked for about 10 hours of reading then fades as soon as a document is opened. this blanks the whole screen so if you are lucky you can find the home button and then uninstall. If the fading was to try and get me to buy it then it needed to say so but blanking the whole screen is unacceptable
   .   .
After update to JB app suddenly crashes and goes back to last bookmark.
... does crash a fair amount on my Nexus 7
Love it. Simple, comfortable and never crashed.
I always use it.
Great app i lovvve it
Got it for chm files but it doesn't read properly. Bad
The best book reader
Was really cool reader before, but last months always crashes after few minutes of reading. Uninstall.
I've tried all the other ebook readers and this is the most responsive and the one that renders text the best. Now if only they add a way to sync pages to the same app on different devices.
I love that i can customize the "pages" for light and dark mode!
Very good also very good choice of books
I've tried a few readers, and I like this the best. It has the most options and a lot are very useful. The ability to program sections of the touch screen to do specific actions (previous/next page, options, bookmarks, etc.) is nice. The layout and display is also very customizable...you can even add your own fonts and backgrounds.
Only app to open up the epub files properly....for the phone....this app is top notch w would give it more than 5 stars if i could.
Excellent app with wide eBook compatibility.  I just wish the page turn animations are like the Google play books app
Just wandering by any chance that I can change the font.
By far, this is one of the best apps for android! I use it every day. Thank you Vadim.
This app is amazing! I've read about three books and I loved it even before I finished the first. I love all of the customization options. You are able to make your own gestures and layouts and everything else you would need. It also has a built in text-to-speech program that works with any book. This reader is so handy and easy to use that it deserves a five star rating (and it's FREE!).
Best app
Very good app. No problem with it whatsoever. Highly recommended!
Best book reader application. Pretty background image like a real book sheet.
Put a bunch of my ebooks on here and its awesome. Full features and settings work great.
Great reader!
The great thing about this reader is that you can customise *everything*, including the fonts and layout of your purchased ebooks.  Most ebooks are typeset for the printed page, which can make them hard to read on a tablet or phone.  (Or they're just really badly typeset.)  With Cool Reader, that's no problem -- a few clicks and you've got your ebook typeset just the way _you_ like it!  //PARAGRAPH//  The author's chosen some pretty icky defaults, and seems to have an unhealthy fetish for patterned backgrounds, so the app doesn't lend a good impression at first.  You'll probably want to change the background to "solid color", switch off the on-screen toolbar (it still pops up with a tap on the screen), and fiddle a bit with the layout settings.  //PARAGRAPH//  Also the interface is a bit unpolished and it takes a few minutes to figure out your way around it.  But it's worth it -- with just a few configuration tweaks, this app is far better than anything from the major ebook retailers.  From now on I'm de-DRMing all my ebooks to read them in this reader (and yes, that's legal in this country).
i tried all of the chm readers out here but this is the only one who can work my 50mb chm file! so i suggest to download this app. it covers any file! now i can read my notes! thanks!
Works perfectly. Love it.
ok
Vary help full
good
The most powerful reader app for android.
Its not a good application as it  Crashes intermitantly.  Handling of Contents is also difficult. UP buttons Stops functioning Suddenly while U need it the most.l have Uninstalled it.
First I had  downloaded moon reader for an epub file and it wouldn't read it and this one read it without a problem. Thanks! :D
Thus has been a very good app through and through. Always works correctly. My only issue is as of late it forgets the page I left off at. Used to be fine.
Best reader I have used so far
This is by far the best book reader I've ever used. I am very pleased with this app.
Updated verson is crap. Could not run.
Far superior to my phone's pre-loaded reader app. Almost endlessly customisable (font, font size, background colour, brightness etc). I use this every day. Seems to read anything I throw at it, unlike the other app.
Arabic is not supported
Everything is good except that it doesn't show Table Of Contents of Mobi books. :(
Quite a reader. All necessary in one app.
After last update catalog for the russian books is missing. Please add it.  Great reader! He only one Im using for a years.
I just got so far it works
Crashes on a 93 mb chm file
The best
This app rewired "changing" the book. I thought that was very poor. Afterwards,DELETE IT!!!!!!!
Crashesss
Keeps randomly closing and sometimes won't open my recent books. S3
Cool reader
Whhat a great reading app I just love love love it thanks to whom ever created it
Crashes inn spesific places inn spesific books.
Great reader. Have a few issues concerning the gui but it's the best free app ever
Is it possible to regulate the autoscroll feature?  The pages are changing too quickly.
       .     .   .
This is a very good app.. I recommend this.
Best app I've come across yet, opens any book lyk charm
Really really cool. I don't know how should i describe this app but it's rather perfect for me. Everything is working and opening. Have no problems yet. Hope will not in the future. My best choice of app.
Supports different book formats, very flexible in setup, pleasant behavior and looks smart
Decent
I am using this app since few days only & it already make me a fan of its. I personally like the auto extraction of the last page viewed feature the most so no less than full five stars to it.
It's good. But, why this application can't open arabic text?
great app
  LitRes!
With the latest update most of libraries disappeared including Flibusta. Please reisntate!
I love the way you can switch to audio book mode.  Thank you for a great app.
5 stars
I like this app, but miss download folder customise feature for books i get from internet and also miss selection for default books folder.
Best reader I've seen.
All format are nicely executed. Love this app.
   , ,      ( /  ..- ) -    .
  (       )?
Best reader app ever. Very easy to use and customize. love it! Thanks a lot.  Ps: Plz support the .pdf and docx type
Great app, but wish that you add pdf support, so i can rely solely on this app, instead of using multiple apps.
Easy to use, easy to navigate. No problems!
Great reader!
This does exactly what I need and does it very well.  Thanks!
Simply the best reader app. Makes reading very comfortable.
Best reader out there
Excellent app, nothing more need be said.
Love this it will even read text to you.
Love it! Is that a li'l over the top? Well.. Anyway... Great app... Without it my life would be incomplete.
Best app for reading on Android. It only needs djvu and pdf support.
Good reader with nice funcionality! I
No PDF :( but still best app there is :)
Excellent reader!
Is a very nice app, has OPDS support, opens files directly from SD card. All in all I recomend it to anyone using their phone to read once in a while.
Best book reader.
Best ! Thanks for the app:-)
   docx     
One of the best.
Sucks for basic .rtf needs
Nice because it opened my rtf file and you can do many things but the scrolling needs work its  very choppy. I prefer scrolling over pages.
One of the best readers i'v seen
Nice, opens every book I've downloaded so far!!
great app with a lame name!
The best. Liters must die!
Big tts bar on Tts listening  Pmakes reading uncomfortable. If it can be hidden in this mode I will give 5STARS
Cant open, completely crashes with my kobo arc
The best e-reader I've used.Though after the last update, Fleeboosta electronic catalogue has gone. Please fix this problem.Thank you for a good application.
Med books won't open and won't load once opened
Very feature rich reader application.
Simple and fun to use.
I have extensively tried all readers I could find, and there are some good ones out there. Cool Reader stands out way above. Try and see! Many thanks to the developer!
Very good apps
Think you need to spend $20 for the audible version after shelling out $9 for your Kindle version? Well, not anymore! Just sideload on your 1st gen K fire, and have it read to you. I wish the voice had more options, but that is my only complaint. The app settings are also easy on the eyes.
Doesnt work properly
Thanks
Crashes while loading books.
Interface very laggy especially in manuscript mode and often freezes over. Understanding jumps while listing down. Needs optimization for our device
crashed several times in 20 minutes of reading. using samsung s3 mini fone
One of the best readers. Lacks some fancy animation but almost perfect otherwise and works on pretty much any Android device.
My phone and OS are brand new. I was using it for a couple minutes and the screen just went blank. And when i would try and relaunch the app it would still go black immediately.  I even uninstalled this app and reinstalled it and it STILL did the same thing!!! Crap! Don't download this!!!
best free reader
The description says it will open rtf files, but it doesn't. Uninstall.  Droid3
But I prefer fbreader. This one takes too long to load my books and freezes when it turns pages.
       , ? ,  .  
Would not interface with Gmail to open RTF attachments. Office Suite worked though.
Best reader on my Nexus 7 I ever have.
Easy to use, I love it.
Like you, hate litres
Great app
Strongly recommended
One of the best I know (the others being Moon+ Reader and FBReader).
Loved this app until it updated & stopped loading my book I was reading on my note 2!!
Best ereader ever. Now i can download books from kat.ph and read them on my phone
Nice reader for many e-book formats
I've moved to this reader from FBReader because it's better integrated to my Android systems.  Thanks to the authors. One thing I don't like is that default settings for 10 pages skip it's too easy to access. It's constantly happen when I want to move to the next page I'm moving 10 pages forward, which burns my brain. Everything else is awesome.
Can't live without
Was serviceable until latest update broke it completely. Won't open the same file that it opened no problem before.
Uninstalled. Moon Reader worked just fine.
It works and it works well.  The best I've found and I looked at nearly all of them.
 ,      . ,  ,   !!!
Lightweight, quite easy to use, tons of settings, opens everything i want, works smooth on every device, and it's FREE!
Works nice with both phone and Samsung pad.
Feature rich and very customizable.
  .    .
It's some trouble in Vietnamese font.
One of the best. Works well with epub
Use this all the time.
I use this on my HTC Sensation and I love it. The only complaint is that it has too many features that I don't use.
Yo ya he probado otros y este es el mejor!!!!  Me encanta q abre cualquier formato sin dificultad. la pantalla q se puede leer de noche y de dia la opcion q lee por ti es increible!!!! La recomiendo!!!!
nice
I'm using it every day. What else to say?
I love this reader! Had Aldiko on until it kept freezing. Cool reader works great and has more features. Excellent app. T82 android.
Of the best
This is the best reader I ever used. Cool text clarity, cool background, text big enough to read and most importantly auto page splitting, no scrolling ^_^ Good work.
5+
One of the best ebook reader out there.
Just luv it. Easy to use and gives many choices.
I used it on a Romanian .doc file and it doesn't support for it but "reads it in English". The worse part is that I downloaded "Art of War" in English and the App isn't reading it at all so it's actually useless! Uninstalled!
Great app. A question, though: there is Czech translation, will there be Czech hyphenation in the future as well?
Works perfectly. A lot of options and settings. Must have app.
The only ereader app I use.
Recommended.
Great reader, unfortunately opens on black screen for me, can't find anything else as good
Lots of settings. Easy to use. Reads many formats. Simply the best book reader app!
Awesome
Having to uninstall n reinstall each time it hangs with a book, once its either having a daymode/night mode issue.. else it just won't progress with book currently being read. Will trash this app if someone suggest a better mobi reader
Outstanding! The most attractive application for reading. Very customizable and user-friendly reader. Thank you, developers, take my gold donation.
Great reader, like it very much!!
,  .   .
Great flexible application with lot of options/customizations. My favorite android app.
Best reading app !
Nice customization built-in, many options for the serious reader. This would easily be my default reader if it could sync reading location between devices (without rooting!). The default font on my Nexus 7 is a perfect balance of letter thickness for easy reading. It would get a $10 donation if Dropbox syncing were implemented.
   epub,  .   ,  ,  .        ,     - ,  -  .
A veritable open-source ebook reader app - like Calibre on desktop OSes, only without a moderately nutty interface. =) Reads all non-DRMed epubs I've thrown at it so far, and the actual reading experience couldn't be better. Fantastic!
  ;)
I have just installed this on my new phone, it's the 3rd time I've used it and it is still brilliant, nice layout, loads of customization options. White text on black background is perfect for bright daylight.
It's a good app, however, unlike FBReader, it is unable to properly recognise Cyrillic encoding in some DOC files.
Always nice and easy to use.
...why does it respond with "Error 404" so often when trying to download a title? Only fair because of this problem.
App works great, better than any other reader I've tried. One small quirk with the latest update: I had to move the app from the SD card back to the phone to get the update to install. App can't be moved to the SD again after the update, but not a big issue.  Update: I'm dropping this to three stars because it keeps deleting my bookmarks.
Choppy scrolling and instant force close when you turn pages.
High amount of customizable features. Works well on Galaxy Note. Better than FBReader.  Easily add your own fonts to Cool Reader by creating a folder in External sd, filling it with your fav fonts, reboot the phone > select your font
This Is The BEST Reader App Available HANDS DOWN!!! I've Tried Them ALL Free Apps & Ones You Have 2 $Buy. Cool Reader Beats Them ALL In EVERY WAY, SHAPE & FORM!! I've Had C.R. 4 Almost A yr & I Use It 4 hrs Daily With NO Problems EVER!!! To Be Completely Honest I Prefer Reading Books/Mags/Ect With My Cool Reader App On My Cell Than Using The Kindle Fire I Bought!!! It's So Easy 2 Use That My Child Uses It With NO Trouble! Even More Amazing Is The Endless Options It Offers! I LOVE IT!! YOU WILL TOO!! :-D
Perfect :-)
Gd
First of all, 5 stars for the app! Its absolutely more useful than Adobe Reader and Foxit Reader!
Before I had to convert all my books to a certain format to get them to work on my nexus 7 (pain in the bum) Now I just load whatever books I have in any format and I'm good to go! I am reading more now that its so easy. Thank you Cool Reader!!
I got this thing for just one reason: I needed an app which could read text files aloud. This thing came highly recommended, but the text-to-speech feature is just awful; after a while it will jump backward and read the same piece of text endlessly for no apparent reason. I've encountered this problem with multiple files and have run the app on several different Droid devices... and the problem occurs with annoying regularity.
Use this mainly to read epubs and html files and it is everything I could ever want ;D
It support all formats of ebooks, very easy and ergonomic software
some epub only open for first page. Waste of time. TTS not working most of the time, ui laggy, not abke to use phone setting for sensor rotation....
4 stars for a fantastic app, easily the best ereader I've used...too bad I can't actually use it, though, as all my books are pdf. Please add PDF support, I'll give out that fifth star!
LOVE this app awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
though it lacks pdf its still one of the smoothest ebook readers around...  need pdf support to make it perfect
Crashes, does not display some of tha pictures. Hangs. I hate it. Cannot handle files bigger than 100mb. Bolloks. I uninstalled within 10mins of installing it.
One of the Best readers on the  market!!!
I was looking for an Epub reader without lagging this app was the only only one that worked well for me. Wish I could Highlight text though if it wasnt for that i would have givin it a 5 stars.
Excellent reader app
Was a great reader now crashes my tablet every time I open it.
Cnt read pdf books,
I spend quite alot of time reading ebooks, and i have to rate this 5 stars. Light on resources, fast loading and many display/action settings to play with. Cant go wrong with this
I needed an app to view DRM free mobile files and this does it perfectly! No complaints at all since this app does exactly what I wanted it to.
This is really nice, but not much kid books which doesn't surprise me....other wise, its nice and organized ^_^
Best book app I've found. I like my background black and the text white, especially for night time reading in bed. With this I can do whatever I want.
Utila aplicatia.
I love being able to configure everything, but it may be a little bit too much for some people.
Crashes sometimes. Other than that it is brilliant
Using Samsung galaxy tab gt-p3100 android 4.1.1.  Reader now crashes when i try to read a uncompleted book.  It has become so unreliable after update that when default music player is player is playing and i turn on the reader,  reader crashes and music player hangs.  Poor app after update.  Rating 1 point.
When there are references in the file or some footnotes, clicking on them doesn't take me to the corresponding page. Same problem for table of contents also. Otherwise good.
It wasn't able to open a single chm file
woww perfect app
Cannot read pdf files
    ...
Excellent work! Thanks!
You can read all the books you want
Lol
The best you can get, period.
There is no support for Arabic language books. Moon reader is better.. I hope you add Arabic.
It won't open files stored in Google Drive without erroring. Also pretty ugly by default.
Ecellent apps...
Overall: I like this app because it supports CSS styles. Others don't. :)
There are many ebook readers out there, but this is the best by far.
Coolreader is the best reader! On PC and on android!,
Plz fix this problem then back to 5*
Constantly crashes when opened recently read book. Interface not intuitive for leaving book in landscape or portrait mode. Dimmer works poorly when in night mode.
No bells and whistles, just an all around good reader. It does as claimed. Beats even the official Google reader hands down.
Useful for ebooksn pen format.
This is the reader for me. Enough said.
This is the most versatile e-book reader I have used, very good with txt,rtf and doc, amazing set of tools, recommended 110%. This is a piece of art.... Es el lector mas versatil que  he usado, excelente para txt ,rtf doc. Adapta el texto para poder ser leido a la perfeccion, he podido leer muchos libros que tenia en mi PC. Es una obra de arte de programacion.
Highly customziable
I love it
I have had no issues whatsoever with this app. The only thing it's missing is visual appeal. Great app.
Nice :
Excellent app!
Best reader on the market and I've tried them all
But if it supports pdf it would be awesome
Read Aloud is not working in CHM files...
I have used Ubook forever.never again. Does everything you'd ever want.Don't buya reader app.going to use this till i die.
No landscape mode larger tablets
  txt  300  -  
Love everything about this app including customisation and night mode which doesn't keep hubby awake which is a bonus its ran smoothly since I installed it, Cool Reader should get a higher rating rather apt name!! Well done!!
I have the free Kindle app but have had problems pushing books on my phone into the Kindle unless I get them from Amazon. This where Cool Reader shines. It's for free and will seek out all the books on your phone and then all you have to do is customize it the way you like and read them. This app will also read your books to you. Very simple, a great app to get if you're a serious reader.
A very helpful app for ebooks with different formats. .=)
This reader has the best text rendering options. Highly customizable - you can make books appear exactly how you want them to.
Simple, customizable,  effective and reads mobi files. All in one app.
Pretty bad.
Works good
Can't find any books so either this app is stupid or I'm just retarded. Even searched just the author and still "No books found"
Why wouldn't you make this app read pdf?  Probably the most common text file but it does not support it.  Disappointing.....
Keeps on saying its not working and I then have to foreclose
Works and has some good points, but limited layout/control options and no bluetooth headset control. There are others better, namely the app named after the lunar body: it's more controllable and more usable  in almost every respect.
I use this on my nexus 7 and my only complaint is that the various touch gestures are complicated to use
Great!
Cool Reader allows you to read any content, not just those from a particular store or library. Customizable backgrounds and brightness can give the comfort of a not-too-bright background, saving your eyes.
Nice... but won't open any of my .pdb files :( Any suggestions on how to make it work gratefully received!
read aloud feature does not work on my phone. the highlight just goes through the words and no sound at all. please fix
It reads the books off my USB on the nexus 7. Am happy
Wow! The best reader ever! Scrolling, read aloud, different formats - just great!
So many options to use for seeing the book just how you need it to be shown. Best part of the app is it's free and its very easy to use!
Reads mobile files, great little app that works great and is easy to read with background of wood.
Amazin one! I was so upset cuz i couldn't use java for readin books, but this is way better! :)
 !
I love the page flip feature so consider me a fan of this app. While I have not junked my other epub readers, this reader is the most utilized one. Works perfectly in any android device I load it to, whether its an android tablet or an android smartphone.
My go to reading app.  Reads so many file types and I love the page background options.
It works great
Just so very confusing. All I wanted was to read my books, not become a full blown book editor..
Very customizable which I love but without pdf support I have no use at all... uninstalled for now.. will be watching updates, but if it takes to long I will fine something that better fits my needs
Since last update 11 dec, it crashes after a few minutes. Frustrating because it forgets your place. How many times do i have to search through many pages to find my place?
cannot find it in the options BUT how do you change the font color on chapters ie chapter five !!
It's the only that comes to mind....ofcourse its a no nonsense app as the name suggests cool....
Horrible. Crashes everytime i try to download a book.
VERY user friendly from the very first minute. Super easy navigation. The best reader I've had to date!
Good for reading...
Itna old faishon hai ki padhte padhte need aane lagta hai....
Good app but you should make effort to get the nice look.
Free and easy
I was reading a txt file and the displayed font size varied from paragraph to paragraph. Not expectable brightness adjustment in bookshelf when switching between day/night mode :-(
Doesn't support Chinese as mentioned on description.
Exceptional reader; I've had for over a year and keeps getting better. By far and away the best reader available.
best reader
Too many options. Any accidental tap on the screen and it does something you didn't want it to do. Other than that it does open .mobi files just fine. I like the read aloud feature!
Installed Cool Reader on my Nexus 7.  Everytime I try to read a book, Cool Reader instantly crashes.  I've uninstalled and reinstalled and always get the same result.  Constant crashing and no reading.  Please fix!!
For some odd reason the app force closes a lot. It used to run fine but now I can barely read  one paragraph beforev it closes
A nice app, support many books format.  Use it daily.
This app is a great alternative to my free Aldiko. It has a nice book flip animation and plenty of customization. I like the page background selection and the texts format doesn't get messy. I wished there are more font choices but free users can't be choosers. Thanks developers.
It would be really nice to sync books between devices, so of i open a book from any device it will be on the same page
 !!!           ...               inspiration c.
I used to love cool reader and was glad to have it on my Galaxy Tab 10.1, but after last update app is crashing constantly without even remember the page program stopped to work on. Vadim , please do something about it, generally your app is the best what Google play has.
crash workaround: recently this started crashing on open of 1 book. To fix, i opened a different book, then went to settings, changed texture to default, and set to night mode, before reopening the 1st book i also set the book 1 status to (to read) and exited app. I restarted app and book 1 worked again. I love this app, most reliable brightness swipe and opens all i need except pdf (so i just convert pdf to epub instead)
What I particularly like is the crispness of the fonts, and the configurable background.
for me when screen rotation is on, it displays the screen upside down. Turn off screen rotation and it goes back to normal. Have tried clearing data, cache, and uninstalling and reinstalling the app. No change. Not a huge problem for me, but sad I cant give this app ten stars because of that issue.
Used to be number one. What happened with this update?????
Cant open the epub files even when it stated it is being supported. Moon reader is better with much mre interface. Uninstalling till next time.
The best app for ebooks
Very good e reader plenty of good features..keeps crashing half way through a book though and I have to uninstall app and reload again..apart from that its all good..
....simple as that!
The best reader ever. Even though they cand include also pdf's.
The app works great with every formats except prc, especially when the prc file is in non-English languages like Vietnamese. Please fix this for the next upgrade. Thanks.
I use to love this reader but now it just closes every few minutes, please fix or I'll need to use another reader.
Fab! Great for reading ebooks. So many options in term of display options. Love reading white text on black background...easier on the eyes.
You don't need another ebook reader,  this Is it.
The recent forced change in the interface is weird. Thank god you can turn it off.
Ad
Really appreciate this app, I love to read but constant reading puts additional strain on my poor eyesight. Read aloud option is awesome! Now I can sit back and listen for hours. A+++
Hate this app.  Tapping anywhere on the screen will bring up the options menu, flip 10 pages forward, etc.
This used to be a great app, but after the update it no longer keeps my bookmarks.  I Even deleted my old bookmarks but it still doesn't remember the new ones.
Used to be good reader, now keep crashing every couple of minutes,so it is not possible to use anymore. Not uninstalling in a hope that this will be fixed.
I liked the way the app looked and when I started reading it was ok,but all of sudden it won't turn the pages,it suddenly closes and sometimes it doesn't remember where I stopped.
Nice app
Finally I found a reader that does it all, thanx!
Trend Micro scans it and says there's a threat ..
3 stars only because i cant get the OPDS catalog from Calibre2 to load on any device,  but its being worked on from what the forums say So I will remain patient. I can still download from other sites and manually add content to devices with no problem and this program will grab it immediately. Overall pretty satisfied.
Even the hardware keys work!  Dictionary support, configurable tap zones,... this is simply the best!!!
Excellent. Very easily adjustable for your specific preferences.
Great Ereader app
Polish letters like:  a e c z z o s c are often doubled in text. (Ktooryss instead of Ktorys) Very weird effect. Not a full books are affected, only large parts of them. It seems to be random. Tried to open books in fbreader to check for corruption and no problems at all. For now switched to fbreader in waiting for a fix.
It used to be a very good app, but now it keeps on closing after some minutes. Can you fix it please?
Doesnt open rtf files..worthless...unistalled.
I aspect pdf support too, it will be the best than!
Easy and great features Easy and great features. For free . For free
Never thought a reader could have so many awesome options and adapt to any if not all user's tastes out there x)
Great app! I love it, but since Tuesday it crashes every time I open my book :(
I really love this app! I can listen  to all my books!
Best ever
Cool reader! Love it! The only missing feature is smart processing of CR in TXT files.
It is constantly crashing !
Forget the rest this is the best! Thanks to the read out loud setting I have been flying trough books!
Excellent range of formats, easy to use. Sadly no control over encoding. Crashes when does not like file encoding, though same file works perfectly in FBreader.
My favorite reader on my android phone. I like the animation and the customizations. The speed when opening books can still be improved though.
An excellent app, well worth a subscription
Full of features + open app. Highly recommended. Also I would request developer to add "djvu" support it would be a plus point.
Good
Although, I sincerely liked the previous design better. It was more serene. Now the icons are too clunky and obtrusive.
, , ,  -    .   4PDA.ru.   .        ,    . , -  .    .
Bought moon reader but text to speech for my dyslexic son didn't work right, I found this app and its much better and free.
This program works well with epub books. It has a weird voice though and it is hard to get her voice to a setting close to sounding non-computerized. Should have different voice options. Also repeats paragraphs since last update. Can not complain too much since it was a free ap! Right now it just stopped working. First time that has happened...hope it will start back up soon!
Needs zoom for some graphic novels
I think I could'nt find something more better than this app. Totally worth downloading. Never hang, stuck, crash or any stupid things that other apps do. Keep up the good work!
A beautiful UI and very nice features.
Would be nice to get sensor "menu" button back on tablets (asus tf300tg)
      kindle fire.  ,        .        .     5+.
Very Good!
the overall... reader is good... but after i use this aplication......the touch MENU keys on my phone. ,, they dont dim..unless i resart my phone.. wat do i do
With the  multitude of supported formats easily beats some of the well known readers out there. I use to use FB2, MOBI, and TXT files
Nice app... It got some cool effects and reads mobi files... Yes! now I can read books on my phone rather than pc.. Thanks!
Best reader. But, please support djvu format. Don't wanna use another reader for that.
works better than I expected.
When I try to open a book, error 404 comes up. Do not download
I have looked at all the other epub readers but this one is by far the best
Excellent
Five stars if the UI is made better
So nice and easy to use
Easy to use. No muss no fuss.
Desire X. It crashed while reading one of the books (.mobi) and continues crashing every attempt of opening that file.
Galaxy tab 2. This is the best reader iv'e run into. Highly recomended
Totally easy to use Thanks
I like everything except the default slide to brighten. And the way chapter titles are shown. Why not center them?	Great app
I think it's a good app. It's usefull, easy to use and good for spend the time during traveling, or if u have any free time! It run on Vodafone 858 smart too! :)
Table of contents is not loading and I can't go to pages I want through contents. Fix it please else a good reader.
Please consider adding features like HIGHLIGHT TEXT AND ANNOTATE. ....undeniably.. This reader rocks way better than others availabe. ..
The best ereader, period.
Cool
Used it for years. Excellent app.
Great new menu interface , coolreader is a keeper
Dec 11 update was great. Improved the overall interface. Very easy to move around. I really love the auto-scrolling feature.
Very good for a free program.
You can add some more page transition effects , and cure the" force close" in my neo v. Also, pdf viewing can do. And pls fix the image bug!!
Best reader I have ever used.  Easy text sizer, great background choices, easy book installer.  Easy book retrieval.  Would highly recommend this reader to anyone who loves to read.
So easy to use manual easy to follow love it.
But with the latest update it is constantly crashing and I can't get rid of the freaking toolbar at the top. Will probably have to switch which is unfortunate as this reads so many kinds of books.
Must have!
It takes a little time to load but once done loading, its fantastic.. I just required a reader to read chm files, and it worked like a charm...
Crashes frequently. Often pages dozens of pages forward or backward.  Uninstall. [Galaxy Note 2]
I like it very Much Really it iS CO0L...
It was good. But crashing a lot after update.
Superb app! Thx
Very good, stable app but most recent update has added a slightly intrusive toolbar that I can't get rid of
Good
I've tried many and no other reader feels so comfortable or has so many useful features. Really honors its name, not even kindle is as cool.
Can't read almost my mobipocket eBook with .PRC extension. No Unicode supported...
Works great. I read all my books with this.
That update is terrible. Page transition became awfully slow and laggy, and new ui isn't really necessary. Looks good though.
Otherwise id give it 5 stars!
It's perfect now!! <3
Love the app
If only it worked with pdf...
Works well enough for actually reading, but the library seem a bit rubbish, is there a way to customise ditectories? And as well as that, of all the books on my phone only 18 of them apear on the browsable libtary
Excellent
I've been using this app since day 1 i got my galaxy note! Getting better!
I have used a lot of readers in the past on iphone and android But this is the best reader out there on any os The ability to configure almost everything is what makes this app so good Thanks a lot!!!
I really like this reader. It was the only one I found with a simple straight forward highlighting/annotating feature when I was looking for a reader app.  The 4.2 jellybean update messed with the emulated SD card path and caused all my bookmarks to be lost. I was able to recover them using an SQLite program, but it was not simple.  I wish correction bookmarks would actually cause the text to appear edited inline, but I don't think any other readers do that either.
One of the best readers before upgrade 2 reader, now it crashes and lost 1/4 of the screen to a tool bar i don't want...
I can not open *.prc files. Plz fix it!
I love this app!
It does what its supposed to do, and doesn't have any glitches. Recommended.
Best reader i used.
Reads everything I've thrown at it. Nice and clear and a doddle to use
handy reader. feature request. in read aloud mode it would be nice to set time limit. so you can fall asleep. also it would be nice to see current position (page) in this mode.
Never had a problem. Flawless
Please, add support of abbyy lingvo dictionary to reader.
I read comics with this reader as well as regular books. Haven't had problems with books, but comics typically have bugs associated with reading them. Many times, turning a page results in a black empty page or an incorrectly formatted page where the comic is smaller than the screen like the reader zoomed out. Many times, to fix, I have top flip back and forth between pages or restart my device to get it to work. Please fix this!
Average reader, better than nothing
Best free reader out there by far!!
Brilliant ebook reader. Does everything that it should, and does't annoy by trying to do anything else. Well worth paying for, but it's free.
Usually "You get what you pay for" is pretty solid advice, but Cool Reader surpasses what I'd expect from paid ereaders. With oodles of customization, great format compatibility, among other great features; Cool Reader stands as one of the best ereaders available including the kjndle app.
Great app
It will be great if there is integration with cloud services like dropbox etc
Thanks for keeping this open source!
Last update has added a tool bar, which I couldn't remove. That irritates
This is missing CORE functionality, PDF.
Tried the new upgrade again today.... they have taken the best and made it almost unworkable... back to FB Reader.
Make it support pdf PLEASE, it'd be the best
It is no exaggeration to say that this app is my favourite, most commonly used app. Occasionally it'll lock up, but I shut it down and try again. Nothing's perfect but Cool Reader almost is! Thanks for a GREAT reader!
Excellent
After this mornings update, it constantly freezes up and has to be forcably closed. Worked perfectly before and I loved using it but now It's broken.
Force closes beefier I can even open it
Fantastic app - nice features!
Many formats, great night mode. New interface is a nice improvement. Long tap into the middle of the screen top get to the options menu  if you don't have soft buttons. Sg2's menu button still works.
Would give 5 stars for it if it didnt lose my place frequently but other than that everything else is top notch!
Superb...satisfactory.:)
Browsing thru a large collection is tedious, there's no alpha tab used by stanza or mantano, where you can scroll from titles A to Z with one flick.
Least I can read we book on a way
Naice
It was a 10 star app before this update. What in the name of all things holy you did to it?   An example: I'm reading a series of books, as usual. To my surprise, when I've finished book 8 of series L, instead of getting me right where I was when I hit back, there I was facing the whole index to go find the next book of that particular series. When you have over 5 K titles it's a humongous PITA.  And the never seen before force-close. It was by far the best reader app ever. Please fix it!!!
Just what I wanted. Simple, and reads text, epub files on my phone.
But need theme support. Wood background is nice but an option to change it would be better
Best reader ever. Used  for some time now and won't use another.  Thank you for a great app.
Tons of options
With the latest update (new interface), this reader is definitely the best there is on the market. I definitely recommend it to everyone.
I'm using it 1 year and it is exactly what you expect from reader
The new update fixed my issues with the old one. Back to five stars for the prompt fix.  :)
Thanks for fast fixing the position saving issue!
Is anyone else getting a FC when attempting to switch from night to day mode with the latest release (3.1.2-20)?  Other that small bug in the latest release, I love this app for reading my .epub books!!!!  thanks
Was the best.  Opened today and new interface is worthless uninstalling
I've tried most, some paid, After the last update, the best is even better.
I guess nothing's more customizable than this. Loveit!
Hi i like this reader after the update but TTS is not working please fix.
I have a Samsung galaxy s3 and I use the read aloud frequently but when ever there is a "..." it pauses and doesn't start up again can you fix this please I am reading the game of throne series and there is a lot of...
Much better after last update. I can get to Options again and enable button back-light. Thank you!
Upgraded to the latest version today. Now I wish I hadn't. The upgrades to the UI and all are fine. But the number of times this damn app crashes is the pits. The older version was better. Piece of crap now. On Sony xperia sola android 2.3
      home  .     GMD   ,    
What a world we live in great app, does more than I need it to
Capable reader
I don't mind the new UI so much but it never remembers my page as it used to and has randomly jumped 10 - 20 pages without touching the screen. Unfortunately I will have to switch readers.
was one if the easiest to use.  new interface will take some getting used to but I can see why they did it and already the benefits
I stop used it cos this update. Do not instal it!!!!!  I want fu nd old version of Reeder witch was Cool... now it is Poor Reeder
Hate the new update.
Reader is force closing on galaxy y. . Please resolve this asap
Simply the best!!
Excellent reader app with a myriad of useful customisations.
I love reading and I find this app better than Moon+
Simple, fast and just perfect for phone and tablet. Makes Kindle look positively enemic.
Excellent. But when in scroll mode when you turn the page to the next one, it gives so many lines of previous page. That's why I am  using turn page even though I like beter scroll mode. If you can fix this thanx very much.  Otherwise this is the best app reader by far among all the others.
I love this reader. It can handle any format and you can customize it to death. Change the background, font, font size, weight, long press functions and more!
Best reader, support most formats.
Great app
Awesome to use, easy to navigate through!  TONS of different options to customize it to every need.
Using it on Asus Nexus 7. Fantastic upgrade, faster and easy to use. As always, the best in terms of customization. No one other can deal better with fb2 format than Cool Reader. Reading epub is very good too. For those complaning about no options to access the table of contents and other things, just touch the center of the screen!
Awesome
Great
New version just start and then goes black.
I've tried em all and this one reigns supreme. Lightweight and customizable. Highly recommended.
     .   ...
Great update! You guys took the best epub reader and made it even better. Thank you!
New UI is a complete mess!
The new version has removed the Android options button. Now, when I am reading a book, I cannot go to the contents page or any other page within the book!!! This is ridiculous. The previous version has an excellent interface. Now, all those powerful customisable options have been removed in one fell swoop! Bad update. Regretted updating to the new version.
Like the new updates so far. Biggest issue is the tag sorting  tends to be a bit too granular. Can get 8+ pages in before hitting any actual books.
Can't fault it
Excellent
Title says it all
I love the new update ;)
Love love reader. Latest interface looks much lefss professional and is even more confusing than ever. And where is the options.menu thay I used to enter om inside a book? At leadt give me option to use old interface. Once the interface has improved or changed ill give it the 10 stars it deserves
Beautiful interface makes reading on the mobile effortless.
very nice scrolling  great experience
Raziel
Might not look as polished as some on the surface, but is the best e-reader by far. Use it and you will never go back!
Would be nice if you could use real page numbers. Instead, it ignores the page number and instead calculates the current page by the number of screen flips. This number varies as you change the font, though. I understand the reasoning for doing it this way, but it would be nice if there was an option to also show real page numbers.  Also, there is a delay of up to 5 seconds when you change orientation or make any other change that affects the rendering of the page (font type/size, alignment, margins, etc.). Not a huge deal but it is something that can be improved.  Also, the localization needs a little bit of work.  All in all though, these issues are easy to overlook because this is the most configurable reader you are going to find. I recommend it.
Its one of the best :)
I like the wide setting possibilities. Opens a lot of formats, more better as the Moon reader. Dixi
Best reader concerning options and customization. Lack of 5 stars due to two things: first, whenever I try to scroll down to look for a book it automatically goes back to top making it impossible to scroll (might probably be lacking optimization for my device), and second is I miss having a library shelf to browse through my books instead of going to the directory they're in everytime.
brill little book reader
I really like the versatility of this reader,but every book I have read using it(6 so far) contain spelling errors.  It seems to change the first or last letter of some words. Example 'fight' instead of 'right' and things of that nature.   It seems to get worse as the page number increases,even replacing the letter 'b' with '6'. Strange and very annoying.
As the name suggests its actually cool...
nice interface and really cool reader (* 4 stars because quite buggy on samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0. screen brightness periodically changes, becoming to bright. that's pretty annoying, especially when reading at night. manually setting brightness helps till another time.
Please allow codepage selecting for eastern european countries.
By far my favorite book reader app.  Easy to use and a wide range of options
The ultimate book reader!  Awesome options, super fast ! Thank you :-)
Excellent
   ,            . ,    . .
You have everything I need!! Supporting txt.file with bookmark!
Crashes repeatedly
Read all formats, can be customised. I haven't found a better reader.
Excellent
Doesn't support PDF pls fix it
This app supports all the formats I use, is adjustable (font type, size, and space - plus background), and easy to load with my library. Also stable... though continuous use will of course drain battery. 8-)
Use it out of the box or fiddle with tons of options. The satisfaction is yours.
The Cool Reader app is a fundamentally good concept, but is lacking in actual performance. While reading a document, this app will suddenly jump back to a previous point instead of continuing to the end of the document. 2 stars. Pls fix!
I love this app but recently it stopped reading prc and mobi files.
Hands down the best ereader. Lots of formats, nice interface and it can even read to you.
Cool
Works fine til im halfway thru a book then keeps crashing when trying to open. Way too frustrating, and hasnt been fixed. DELETE!
this app really deserve 5 star, best for mobi books. convert your pdf books into mobi online & then enjoy ;)
Pretty good reader but doesnt work with ivona tts engine on the galaxy tab 2 P3100. When I tapped read, it just kept on scanning the text continuously but did not read it. Please fix this.
When this  program was working it was the best thing ever!!! But now it's wasting my time like crazy. I can't get it to work properly and I can't find any technical support!! The "read outloud" function never works. It speeds through the lines without reaading out loud Please contact  me if you can help simonlisa@videotron.ca
Snail slow
nice app good flipping of pages
Author not upgrade from a half year ago. Poor reader and drain your battery. Useless. Uninstalled
This app seemed like a great way to read titles from these two sites, but it can't load the indices. I reported the error to the apps author with screenshots from my Nexus 7 Jellybean 4.2 tablet. No response.
No pdf
It has a lot of features... But feels so sluggish...
It's very very good and the theme is amazing...
Can't find any of my books and only opens its own manual. Don't  waste your time on this
I have books of .chm file type and of 150 -200 mb size each.  The app tried to load but than some Chinese writing appeared on the screen. Everytime i tried to open the app , same thing happened. Gone to the garbage
Worked fine on my Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 GT-P3113 until update, then screen darkens when I turn the page or take too long reading the page (which is funny, because I'm a really fast reader...) It's not enough to give up the app, just hoping you'll fix this soon. It's kinda annoying...
Nothing worth reading
Application is good... but it doesn't support docx.
I can read my friend's books on here, love it!
Love it.
Having the same issue as Nicole.. Will not open books that it used to previously.  Immediately goes back to home screen. Have tried deleting files, reinstalling and also uninstalled and reinstalled app.. Issue persists.
Some bug with forgot page number. Anyway -really cool!
This is exactly the kind if reader I wanted: works with lots of files, very customizable, and isn't buggy.
Slow to load, slow when turn the pages.... Slow and slow everywhere. Uninstall.
It's really great for both epub and chm! Very comfortable visual design, and the user interface is very friendly. I don't need other ebook readers anymore!
Anyone know how to convert files from pdf to a format coolreader will recognize?
Can add more themes. Adding a few more formats will make it ultimate
Awsome you would like it
I keep trying others to see if I can find a better reader, l have not found one yet. The use of the dictionary and highlighting is somewhat backward and it would be nice to have a page turn animation, but for free with no ads these are nitpicks.  I like the ability to set almost anything the way you want.
Love it. Best e reader in the market
Normally use it on my resource constraint galaxy ace. Read tonnes of books on it so far.
I gave my Kindle away, and use this exclusively for eBook reading.
Plz update,while hiding text to speech, I am facing problem and it closes the page while hiding it. Y there is no option to hide it?
I tried reading but suddenly it becomes dim.
I love this app but since the last update at the start of most sentences there is a question mark. A question mark replaces every apostrophe and there is one after a good majority of the commas. It does spoil how the books read. I hope you can sort this problem out thanks :-)
This app does everything l want including resting aloud and has looks to sources of free books. I will make s donation to support the developer.
Good apps, easy setting
I LOVE this app. I have it has everything and found my books with no problem. Amazing versatility. I especially love that I can choose a background which decreases glare when reading at might - Just wish the name was different! ;) Galaxy Tab 7.0 and Galaxy Note phone
Awesome !!!!!
Love it, best reading app I''ve found so far. Lots of features and flexibility.
The best reader
HTC One X: no faults at all :) there is no better reader on the PlayStore
   !
Really good reader app. Everything works great, except when I scroll down book lists, it goes 1 or 2 screens and then flicks back to the top. Any ideas for a fix? (on a Transformer Pad)
Too slow and gives errors on opening file links
works well on LG p698 .... well done :D
Error in app
Was not able to use it with Google Drive
Excellent
Anything you need for comfortable reading in this app.
Cant add bookmarks anymore after the last update
It can used for Chinese and Vietnamese as well.
 ! !
Useless
Simple to use, great with Dropbox. Scrolling slightly too fast and sometimes skips full chapters. Overall good app for tablet and Android
Cheers mate
Used this app for my mobi books, but it crashes as soon as I open a book to read.. got tired of the black screen on my lenovo tablet, so I uninstalled...If one would fix this, then may get a better rating of stars......
A good reader and a sincere effort, very well done and will be prefer by choice of many of avid readers, no intrusion and no planted advertising, thank you
better than other apps
...as compared with Moon+ Reader & FBreader (i used the same book for comparison). Also continuous scrolling not smooth!
Really great app dev! The best reader, i've ever seen!
Wonderful functonality,flexibility, AND visually pleasing!
The app often loses chunks of my epub books when I go back to them. Seems to happen randomly. File size is the same on the sdcard, but apparently the epub gets corrupted somehow. Need to reload the epub onto the sdcard for cool reader to see the whole book again. Samsung galaxy S w/ gingerbread.
Brilliant, Full Five Stars.
Crashes when screen rotates as phone orientation shifts. Also crashes when I use the dictionary. When I open it again, it can't open my recent bookmark and crashes yet again. I can't get to any of my books now! Didn't use to do this on ICS. Please fix.
the best reader
Nice!
Even reads aloud!
Nice
its feel of handling a paper book is exhilarating and gives the most beautiful exprience of reading if you are a bookaholic or even just want to read try this you will other wise miss something
I can't use the app anymore, it simply force close on me whenever I starts it. Please fix.
Can't handle simple epub files. doesn't read TOC or cover. too bad I had to remove it.
Very nice features ...would appreciate if PDF reader will be included :-)
Worked fine on galaxzy note 10.1, until update 28or29th october. Now switches to power save mode on device after 5+min, this leaves the screen at10% brightness. Can onky correct by going to settings and adjusting brightness. Also all online catelogue url,s do not work anymore
This is hands down the best reader I've used. Not bogged down with ads, reads html documents without losing my place whenever I rotate my phone, organizes great, and all the display features are neat
Everything i didn't like about the reader I were able to change, I highly recommend it...
I wish it can read djvu
Can't put black background to save battery, can't read pdf files and don't have tts option.
It can read a lot of formats. You can adjust brightness in one touch edit text font. Love this app. <3
Nice and easy
Way too many settings. Not too good  for reading technical programming chm books.
This is a super reader - good reading whether one page or two. And amazing flexibility - you can change or adjust almost everything - even using your own page textures. One of the best and most realistic page-flip animations. And multi-platform - same user experience on my Android Tablet as Android Phone and even PC.  Ditch all your other eBook Readers and get this one.  The only thing I can't seem to make work is Online catalogs (OPDS) - this option doesn't appear in my menu system on Android. I get all my books through Calibre anyway, and then side-load to tablet and phone, so not a problem for me.
title says it all really. i've been using it for many years, and i do periodically try the competitors, but coolreader is just so much better than the rest. keep up the excellent work!
So much options and so many functions
Crashes and bugs couldn't read a single book .
Hate this app I cant find anything it is so complicated waist of time. Shouldn't even get 1 star.
 ,    ,     .  .    , .    .
I have tired many readers and this is my favourite so far. Great app! Page numbers are handled well, the progress bar has markers for the chapters and very customisable.
 ,  , .
Menus work fine but when I try to open an ebook (tried both html and epub) it shows just a black screen. Even tried tinkering with the font and background colour options - didn't work. Text to Speech works though.
The options blow me away, best reader by far, instead of waiting for book cover images to load I can just open the book file from a list, choose font/background colour, orientation..everything. Simple options the better known readers should have but don't.
Sucks. It won't open any thing
The read aloud function is beautiful. Thank you!
easy to use and works with mostfile types
Works great, I love it
Cant browse a folder of epubs. Scrolling down always jumps bac to the top of the list. Looks good otherwise.
Can't read mobi
Love this app
I downloaded to read          .mobi files
THIS ONE  WORKS  GREAT
I loaded this app on my Kindle Fire and love it.  You can customize just about everything on here to make the reading experience what you want.  Like pink backgrounds with black letters? You can do that.  Want to read white, large, bold font on a rock?  You can do that too.  Hands down, this app beats out the resident book app on my Kindle Fire.  I will be donating money to the developer.  Note:  If you want a bit of advice, take an hour or two to work through the settings to get the look just how you want it.  You can seriously adjust almost every single thing so the time is worth it.  It took me a bit to get the paragraph look just how I wanted it because you can adjust the amount of indent, line spacing, spacing between paragraphs, spacing between letters, font size, font color, etc...
Good program that can read various formats of ebooks.
I love this ebook reader and it suits my needs perfectly except it has crashed irrecoverably at least once during every ebook I've read with it regardless of format. I had to uninstall because I just isn't reliable.
Needs to search subfolders
Great app,
Uninstalled due to fatal crashes on gbread. It's a great reader but pushes the line of too many options and features in a disorganized manner. Focusing the customizations and better organization of the plethora of options will make this app better.
lent eBook reader for Android!
I love this reader!  The options available are amazing although the default settings were perfect.   The permissions were non intrusive, thank you for that.   You did a fantastic job on this program, thank you very much.    Jeff.
Screen keeps rotating even I disabled in the OS, so I cannot read while lying. Book list takes forever to load. 0 star if possible
Support all useful formats, except pdf :-(
Used to use moon reader, but this reader is so much better, TONS of options, great native display of doc-files, very impressive app!
This is a good reader, and also provides access to free ebooks.
The best reader ever!
A great App, best reader around. Has loads of options in the settings to suit everyone. It reads various formats so you are  not locked to one or two. Worth a donation
Works very smoothly on my Defy.
Until it started refusing to open the book I am reading.  Now if I try to open the book, the reader automatically closes.  Some help, developers?
The app is amazing, but since the last update it keeps crashing and doesn't open any books, please fix! Will get 5 stars!
Well done, good backgrounds and has never crashed on me. Kindle Fire running CM7
Well, for the books it will open, it works great. Unfortunately it will only open a small fraction of my .prc books.....
Much better display than other readers.
 :     (  ,  )
Super!!!
I would rate this app 5 stars, if only the folder where i keep all of my books didn't keep deciding to snap back to the top when i try to scroll through it. Can't get to the books i want to read = kind of useless...
Just the app I was looking for. Simple a day easy to use and reads all types of ebook formats :-)
If you add changing pages by finger scrolling like mobo player. I think it would be cool.
the mobi format isn't very well supported; weird lay-out. For epub the best reader, very tweakable.
Love it.  Easy yet with many options
Can't read PRC file on nexus7
Ok
Scrolling in the book list is broken. The ui in general is super ugly.
Love this app. So many features. Exactly what you need. Recovers well from crashes.
The best reader app I have ever tried on all of my devices
If you could correct the key backlight problem, I'd definitely give it a five! It worked great before, but after it upgraded it stopped working and I can't roll back. :(
I like the app a lot but why dose it keep droping my book. Ok now I am a quarter way into my book and it drops my book and wont reload it. Please fix......
Some books, when I Disable internal style, open once then as soon as CoolReader closes I can't open book again.
I started using Aldiko when I bought my reader but changed to Cool Reader when I had a mobi file to read.  After a few hours learning the tricks and functions I'll never use another that isn't fully functioning with all file types.
Will not open pdf
Works on rtf. Doc. Format
Why not support PDF format?
Seriously?
Although it has lost my place a couple of times, the app is great. Fully customizable.
If I can't copy/paste something for it to read to me then how useful is it
Though I hope that the loading time for reading mobi books be faster, other than that this is an awesome app.
Great app good as the kindle
Use a lot. Have no problems
lame!
The best part is the multiple formats availability and the memory function ..
This is very useful.one drawback is the lack of autoscroll
gr8 app, if only it suports pdf, that would make it even more awesome
Tres bon reader
                    -    .   
This is a MUST HAVE reader for ebook enthusiast.  I have been an ebook fan since my Palm smartphone. For the first time in years, I'm able to read mobi books without amazon kindle restrictions.  I feel liberated that I can read my old books and new books from independent publishers without going thru Barnes and Nobles, Kindle, etc.. This is a true multi-format reader.  It's not perfect. But it's the best for app for reading in multiple formats without using  a third party software to translate.
Thank you! That is what i really want from e-book reader - to feel like real book, but with lot more options and no space at all.. Now i can read all books that i want, from my phone... all night long :D :) 10x
Excellent
Hangs. SGS2 ICS
So slow on big txt file. It had to reload and reformat each time I left the app for a second. Also did not drag across screens for highlighting.
I downloaded the app, but I don't know from where I should/can get books to read?  Thank you up front
Crashes on browsing directories. G2x
Unable to access ANY books through the included libraries.
Great app overall, except that my phone battery runs out really fast because of it
a great application indeed. i can finally read some epub files in my phone :) yay! this is great! also the 'read aloud' feature is great, i can just listen to the one talking instead of reading the book.. thank you for this. ^^
I loved this app before the update now it doesn't work.. 5 stars when fixed again
I love this application.
Yup, tried to open up a couple books I have on pdf, manually went to the folder where I have them stored but cool reader doesn't do PDF..  Not so Cool if you ask me..
Great app, thanks!
Just didn't work. Crashed every time I opened it
Until using it under Gingerbread, it has fullfilled all of my requests. Now, with ics, the button background lights cannot be turned off. It must be fixed!
Error 504
One day its working, I set my phone down for a few hours, come back and the app wont load anymore it only crashes.
So customizable!  I love it!
doesnt read any of my  prc files.
This is the best reader for an e-ink screen. It integrates well with a rooted Nook Touch and provides a plethora of extra options over the stock reader. In edition pages are rendered beautifully, better than the stock reader, in my opinion.   The only thing that I think is missing is the ability to read Adobe ePub DRM books (although this is really a problem with DRM as opposed to the app).
I like this better than other readers only because of the extraordinary amount of features for reading books. Makes reading a pleasure. So what if it doesn't look as pretty as the other apps; it fulfills its core job admirably well.  But there still remains the problem of the settings getting reset every time I remove the sd card.  Irritating having to change everything again and again.
Please fix bug auto switch to english from russian
There is a problem with arabic ebooks. Litters are coming as ?????????????? Please fix it or tell me what to do? Thanks
Problem fixed
Works awesome
For the past week, this has been my most used app. I use it even more than reddit now. Think about that... this app has caused me to read more books than read *reddit* (you all know that means italics)! I put it on night mode with a black background and white text and read my nuts off. My doctor doesn't like that too much, but at least I won't be having another kid any time soon!  Oh and speaking of the beautiful black bg/white text combo, it does wonders to save battery life. Wish I could give 10 stars.
Nice tts, comfortable reading. Never crashed. The complete reader. Best till the date. Believe me, I tried atleast 20
THE BEST
A great app, but would be great if it could support more file formats, like newer and more common ones including .docx format.
Doesn't support pdb files.
Good intent...
Could be interesant the option to synchronize the mobil with the tablet,you can use as many devices to read as you want, and everything will just keep in sync automatically, using dropbox, box, google drive, etc... An example is Fabrik Reader with dropbox. With this option, will be the best reader.
I use cool reader on my tablet and my Samsung s2. It works well. There are so many functions to configure.
*
Unfortunately while this reader has many features and customisations it did not meet my expectations. It does not have smooth scrolling which is a must for any reader. Also it would not open most of the files in my collection of pdb files from iSilo.  In its favour it is free while iSilo is 10. However, I would be willing to pay at least that for a reader that I could rely on both now and in the future.
I have been using this for over a year. Just got it for my new phone. It is my preferred reader! Far surpasses kindle.
Would be a lot better if it had an option to make Webster dictionary as one of the choice dictionaries
I like this app. Free with no adds and i like the background. Have had no issues. I recommend it.
Best app I can find that reads ePubs though, so you definitely deserve 5*s for that.
There seem to be a problem with the read aloud function.
Awesome app! Nice to use.
It opens de-drm'd kindle files!
The best program for reading!!!
I have been searching for a long time for an app that will do both .mobi and .epub comfortably, and this app does just that. It would be fantastic to have pdf aswell but i guess beggers cant be choosers. Absolutly awesome, recomend to all ebook readers.
I love it
I use this a lot, for various ebook formats, often in night mode, which is great for reading without a lights on in the room.
It won't let me open a book that I am half way through after last update it just sends me back to main screen. Fix and I will review five stars.
Very customizable and easy to use.
No PDF supported
So configurable. Broad file compatibility. I love this app.
Good
Missing .docx support.
This a great app. It does most of the things that you'd expect of it. However, I have two gripes. (1) It would be really nice to have a scrollbar to move quickly through large sections of text. (2) On my Nexus 7, the full bookshelf view doesn't work. You begin to scroll down, and then it keeps flipping back up to the beginning (top shelf) again, so that it's impossible to get down to the books on the lower shelves (unless you switch to the "simple file list" mode, which doesn't show the covers or provide as much detail about the books).
All the options you can want, none of the restrictions, no ads, and no stealing your contact info. Great app.
It crashes the book that I am reading closes on its own or freezes they have got to fix this problem
Well done...does everything i need it to do and more.
Love.this app! I've tried almost every reading app on here and this one is the best!
Brilliant and free! Much better than many you pay for.
Complete garbage.
The Read Aloud option doesnt seem to work :(
,  .     chm   KPT lib. !? ,  4.:/
Takes too long to load a book zzzzzz.  Deleted it.
The best
As soon as I click on a book, it hangs... Not happy at all
I love this app for its customising but the futher I get into a book the more it stalls and fails to load :-(
pdf?
I started out with this app on my phone, and when I got a tablet it was one of the first I downloaded.  Really good for reading, heaps of options - haven't found anything I've disliked about it yet.  Recommended.
Recent update killed app, I can't start it anymore :(
CRAPY
Good to read books in your phone
its alright
My pocket computer isn't a book, nor a book shelf.
Almost perfect.....I just miss a nice wooden bookshelf as a center of the interface.
I tried others, but this  one is the best.  Use it everyday with the text to voice function.
Great app.... Best 1 I've ever tried! Would be better if we could add dictionaries manually, the one we use....
Lots of functions but I seriously dislike the theme colors
Nice but .pdf is not Support. PDF in eBooks reader must be!
Very nice but doesn't support prc format
This does everything.  just one tweek needed - extra colours for highlighting
it just keeps hanging with large files and had to remove it.
Black screen is shown instead of fb2 book on Huawei Mediapad with Android 4.0.3
No pdf support, really??
Only 4 stars because there is no way to use pdf files with this app
It is nice ebook reader. The layout is just so cool for the yes.
Supporting archived fb2 books (zip, rar) Cool UI. Very customizable - skins, fonts etc  Must have for somebody who reads a lot.
After trying several so-so reading apps I stumbled across this. It has a huge variety of options yet they are presented intuitively. The effect is that it is easy to get the look on the page you want. I particularly like the finger swipe control over the brightness.
Great application, amazing settings: it can be fine-tuned to suit everybody's needs. My favourite reader.
Every feature I've wanted it to have seems to already be inn the app.
This app is the one that makes me WANT to read on my phone. One tiny thing though, could you guys kindly make the paperbook animation look a tad bit more realistic? I know it may not be significant but it would COMPLETE this great app. Thanks for keeping this free. :D
Nice application
Nice
Zatim asi nejlepsi aplikace na e-knihy, vyhradu mam jen k pomalosti pretaceni stran.
pdf support pdf support i gave it a 3 because it lacks support for .pdf files i have 600 books on my phone and half of them are in pdf format.
Perfect
Happens frequently after last update.
Love this app now I can read my stolen books
Great for audio listening, use it everyday. Definite recommendation.
There! 5 stars. Now will u guys support pdf?
Great app, works perfectly on Nook and Defy. Developer responds quickly on bugreports. Thanks!
Got 3/4 through the first book and really liked it.  When tried to reload the book the app closed.  Can't give it any stars as it doesn't work.  If the bug is fixed would give it 5/5.
It's really a pleasure to read books with it.
Has so many features, you might never use them all. Makes reading a pleasure.
"Reading books in..." This app does not read books, you should read them.
Works better than FBReader on muh Nexus 7, but has less features and doesn't have scroll like Moon. Moon just earned some cash... Scroll is 100% required!
Thanks dev, it works nicely all the time, has a good library system.
Title says it all haven't played with all the options in there yet but liking it very much so far. Thanks for this :-)
some others couldn't read chinese, and this works perfectly!! great job there!!
Pretty good, but could be better, I got it to run with every setting I wanted, but when I switch pages by flicking the pages, I get some artefacts, rows of writing, partially missing.
Its the best reader program plain and simple.  User friendly and reads so many different formats.
Just amazing!
Good. Nice scrolling, cool settings. Sometimes it aborted and closed, but it's not a problem at all. For supported formats it's not so good, like alreader for win mobile, but I like it!
great work
It has a few minor things to fix but I'm giving it 5 stars for what it has.  One thing  I would love to see get fixed is when I am searching for books online using  cool readers suggested resources, I get wrong url's.  But every thing else it does it makes the competition look really weak.  Maybe a small on screen clock too because I loose all track of time when I use this app.  :)
Best customisation options of any reader I've tried. Only problem is that it sometimes seems to reset itself - losing settings and bookmarks, and half the catalogue links don't work but I can work around that for the sake of headache and eyestrain free reading.
Reading aloud is invaluable when driving. Opens a plethora of formats and is highly customizable.
Thank you for the awesome application! This works great on my Nook Simple Touch.
Very good reader, lots of useful options.  But I can't open a book stored in my Google Drive, only Dropbox. Also, if I go to "online catalogs", the links to the Project Gutenberg are not working.
Free and awesome
Opens wide variety of formats and saves place in book or document.  Very nice reader
Need to improve  Can not open some pdf files in folder. Not showing in folder
Rs Badari
May not be the most downloaded reader, but it is the best one! Supports more formats, has more options than any other reader out there. Runs smoothly on both droid 4 and nexus 7. Thanks
Only was able to see 2 of my books on my HTC Evo
The best
deserves 5 stars.  !
Best reader wth a lot of options
by far the best ereader I've tried. It does the same things all the other readers do but it also allows you to highlight and annotate easily and then you can even export them all to a txt file. The only thing that would make this better if there was an option to sync through a person's drop box account. So instead of saving the data about bookmarks, etc in the CR folder, it could have it's own folder in drop box. That way all my devices could get the notes and highlights I make. But this is a wish list...the app totally still gets 5 stars for doing everything else I could possible want! :)
I just wish it would read pdf
Good reader, simple and perfect for what I needed. Other had ads and usless crap added to them this one is easy to use good job
Really exellent reader.  I can say so after more then tow years use it , really wery good .
Can't open even text file
Best reader .... Better than Kindle for mobi files.
Fills the gap of what kindle does not read!
Easy to use, hook the phone up to the computer, drag and drop your books to the phone, open the app- there they are. Set the bookmark often, sometimes shaking the phone makes it skip ahead a few pages.
Great app!!!
Upon reaching some point in any fb2 book (typically at 60-70%) cool reader force closes and the book cannot be open anymore. Attempt to open the book results in opening the manual. Quite annoying. What is the point of all those "cool" features if you never can finish reading the book. I would give it 0 stars if it was possible. Switched to less fancy but more robust FBReader.
Its a garbage....
Downloaded catalogs and only got errors
Qua tuyet
This reader can read outloud and highlight passages, making it a good proofreading too for authors.  There are a lot of options. I do wish the font rendering was a bit smoother. Sometime after read-aloud I must reset he page mode to scroll.  I found a way of using a long tap to toggle a slection mode, and a double tap to read.   Thank you.
Awesome!!!!!!
   -  ,   )
Great reader, but after last 4.1.0 update on Google Nexus S I can't select book in large folder - it scrolls up every time i'm trying to get to the bottom of folder
Best reader.
Closes on start and after restart opens self-recovering help file. That's slightly annoying :(
Don't you think .pdf is missing??
Great app, thanks!
Very well made app, it does everything I wanted and more. And it's free. I love the night mode and the fact that I can change font colour and best of all I can dim the light right from reading part. It works very well, haven't found one bad thing about it.
Excellent appearance and functionality! Very detailed explanation of functions / operations. Easy to use! I like it a lot!
Very simple and intuitive reader easy to set up to your requirements, would highly recommend
Has catered for almost all requirements i could think of in a book reader..great app.
Good but I don't like saving books
Best reader ever
It can read out books for you!!!!
I have had a few problems with ePub documents from Gutenberg, most notably Peter Rabbit with illustrations. Otherwise excellent.
Bad
Kobo app automatically finds and loads all books into your library in sec. This one does not, too difficult to find books. Uninstalling.
No longer opens my books freezes on load reboots with manual loaded. 1 star until fixed
This was he best reader app up until recently it startednto take awqy 400 MBs of RAM. Uninstalled and using another reader until fixed.
Interface is quirky. I have a hard time with the open file menu because it goes back to the top when my finger leaves the screen, but once I get the file open it's just plain beautiful. Plus it works with a HUGE variety of formats. I appreciate that greatly. It'll deserve five stars if they fix those interface issues.  ... edit: The issues vanished. I must have goofed. Perfect! Five stars.
It was five stars but now all it shows me is " error 404" for every book i try to download.....
So now after the third book i am unable to finish reading because of the app crashing 46% into the book and no response to email for help i rate this a one star, if it would let me i would go zero, respond to you support requests!
I was searching for one like dis and I am convienced
Great
Very good reader!
Same book will open for days and then CR just crashes over and over. Unfortunate as it was a good app. Uninstalled.
I don't think I can use the Kindle app again street trying this. It can be a but slow to format larger books, but sites a great job on Evo 4G LTE and Nexus 7.
i really love this app, but i can not read prc files, cause it says 'error while loading document'. does anyone else have this problem?  btw: 'COOL' app ;D
Force closes each time
There is no word look up. In fact if you leave your finger on the screen for a couple second it flips the page to the next chapter. Waste of time.
After installing CoolReader and customizing the appearance to the amber text on black that I prefer, getting the tap zones worked out, etc, and suffering through a couple of unexpected FCs, it suddenly reset all my settings back to default. Surprisingly unstable for me - maybe it doesn't like directories with 200 text files. I'll stick w/ FBreader and use directories to sort and rate my files for now.
Nice app atleast good enough to find gr8 authors like jack london, leo tolstoy
       HTC One X.
It detect my pdb file, but why can't I open it? It says error while opening document.
End of story
This is by far The best app I have  ever found for reading books, it just flows...the text is so adjustable...and I love that u can scroll to the next page with the volume buttons.
Force closes sometimes on motorola xoom/jelly bean. Otherwise se pretty good.
Crap        O.O
                  ~
5 out of 5. Only reader I've  used that works properly.
Bookshelf pls... :))
The best app for readinng from phone. I used it in old htc and now install on galxy note
This app doesn't work well on tablets at all. Interface looks very rough. Layout inconsistent. Transitions between activities is cyclical. Does not display content accurately at all. Forget about opening your chm files with this. Go look for a better app.
Best app for epub...
Just what I was looking for. It reads everything needed to be read
Great! Thousend thanks, Vadim!
This is one first-rate piece of software.  Full formatting control, intuitive, aesthetically pleasant without being over the top.  And STABLE.
I think they could use some saner default touch controls (skipping 10 pages at a time threw me off for a bit, then I figured out how to change it), but once you dig in to it this is my favorite eBook reader. You can customize it to work exactly how you want!
would be more useful
Wish i hadn't contributed money. Screen keeps going black. No control over pages. Wants to reload the same book very time. Kobo much better. Wasted my money.
Can't do pdfs
Not like describtion
It crashes every hour or so and won't let me go back to my book for at least an hour. Wth is that... stupid reader.
Works with several file formats and text ot speech!   Lots of configuration options.
        , .    .    .
Best reader ever....
Constantly crashes.
Great in all the features! Jst one request plz provide pdf support!
It is a great reader but...  The reader now starts up with the Cool Reader manual instead of where you left off in your book when you powered your device down.  This is much more frustrating than the next one.  The brightness for both text and book list goes dim.  Going to Android tools and tapping the brightness slider corrects the problem but you should not have to do that.  Aside from these warts, it's the best reader I've found for Android.  Samsung GT 7.7 (Android 3.2) & Asus Transformer (Android 4.03).
12         .        .    .          .     ,    . ,       ,    ,    " ".     .    .      !      ,     .       3.0.46-11.
I like this better than other ebook readers i have tried. TTS function is hard to use. Will donate.
I've been using CoolReader for last three month and I like it a lot. Perfect configuration options and great performance! Great Job!
One of the best reading apps, but I would like to read PDF file format with it... Nagyon jo olvaso, de jo volna ha PDF-et is lehetne vele olvasni...
The best reader
Awesome ap....wish it had a better way to display books that i own
Only 2 reasons I didnt rate 5:  A) because sometimes I have to open a book 2-3X to get it to open, and B) because certain files randomly FC the app/when I go back, my page # hasnt been saved.  Just installed update, will change rating to 5 stars if issues have been fixed.  LOVE this app! Oh.. And.. To those having issues with too darkly tinted screens: slide your finger from bottom to top along the left side of your screen to increase brightness.  (top to bottom to dim).
So far so good,  better than all the other app. You can import your own books.
Fc issue
Good
Supports more file types than any other book app on the market. Plus it features plenty of options to tweak the layout. Must have app for all bookworms!!! I haven't had a single problem in 4+ months of using this app.
Fantastic reader, optimal for black and white e-ink devices such as nook.
Great app - highly customizable.  And has the best default background among ALL readers , including kindle.  :-) obviously designed by a person who has read a lot of musty, yellowed books?
   . 2.3.6 
It will be better if can work with Google drive encrypted files, because I can uncrypt only al files
I had an non-DRM epub that I was reading on my ipod touch using Stanza, but got this new Android phone and tried to open the book using Cool Reader.  Imperative word is "tried".  First I download from my sugarsync account and it asked me to open it in Cool Reader, so that was great....but it didn't put it in the right location on the phone. So i moved it to the right location(right location being the default) and then it could see the book but it couldn't open it.  I gave up.
wow  best...finaly ++++
One of the best app.
just the best one
and it is.. been using it for sometime now and so far i have no problems. :) really like it!
The best ebook I have used and I have tried a lot of them.  It's brightness control system rocks.  Saves a lot of battery.
cool reader free
bummer, can not load any of my pdf files into this program.
Sucks :(
Makes reading interesting
I don't like to read and when I won't to the app don't work :-(
Using this app now.. Has superb future.... Good background for long reading. Although the scroll animation was bad.. And confusing too... Could be bettered...
It hard to get then free
Superb!
I like it app. I like that i can download books from online catalog.
Easy to use!
Can't get to Gutenberg. "Error wrong URL..."
Good app but sometime has error, could not open file. You should install it.   Ung dung hay, oc sach thich nhat trong cac phan mem oc sach song oi khi bi loi, khong mo uoc van ban.
A great soft background for my books. Easy to use.
..but now I'm looking for something new. It read most books perfectly and is really customisable, but it'll crash with certain random books and I got tired of that.
The "scrolling" (i.e., vertical page flip) mode doesn't really work because it jumps different amounts all the time, making it really hard to find the spot where to continue reading after "scrolling". It takes way, way too long for the program to start and load the book and display the position you were at when you left it. (About 10 times as long as QReader on my old E61.) It should pre-cache the page you left it at so it could show it *immediately* upon startup. The "Show title bar" option doesn't work in scroll mode -- it's always enabled (and it can't be disabled), but doesn't show up. I've seen it sometime in scroll mode and then it was blocking some text (i.e., it scrolled too far). Also, there's no plain text reformatting option.  On the plus side it supports white text on a black background (great for reading in bed or with an AMOLED screen or with a transflective screen in sunlight), and there are lots of options for layout (although I just use margins and line spacing and font size). It shows the location in percentage (and in pages for some reason, although pages don't quite make sense when their size change depending on the settings), but not in kchars.
crap crap crap doesnt work at all
Was tempted to buy a kindle but with this on my S3, no need.
This is the best ebooks reader ever.. Finally can read d mobi format books.. A 5* from me...
I'm so grateful for this app. I was so fed up with Aldiko and looked for another ereader. This has do many more options and it opens all my books with no problems.
Sd. Card reader
Supper app,i really enjoy reading books with this app.Recommend everyone
It does not support arabic language :-(
Good
Couldn't have asked for more for the .rar file I just extracted to .mobi. Great app!
So far so good!
It was working perfect but I opened it this morning and it would not open the txt file I was reading. What I did was I deleted the book from the app, loaded the book again with a different name and problem solved. This is a great reader.
Works well on cm10
Nicccceee(:
I was trying to find an e-reader that would let me read local files for some of my wife's ebooks. She is a graphic designer, and it drove her nuts when she first saw the interface. To put it simply, the default interface is ugly. Fortunately you can customize pretty much anything with this app, going so far as to changing the style of quotes or page margins. After spending 15 minutes playing around with the options, my wife finally got it to a point that she liked.  If the developers were to choose a more standard style for both the reading and the settings area, this would easily be a 5/5 rating. Pages should use a nice legible font (not something that looks like Comic Sans) with a plain white or slightly gray background. As is, it takes a while to set all of the options to get it to what my wife would call a usable state.
It is my mostly used application in my phone. The only problem is that books are open just inside the reader. When I try to open it from file manager, reader opens but book opening crashes. The same book within the reader is open successfuly.
This app is asome
Good app
I was on the lookout for a reader as the built in aldiko failed to read a few of my ebooks and it was miss and go when i transferred ebooks to my phobe. This has been working flawlessly and reads everything you throw at it. Only small downside is too much customisation for a noob buy for an advanced user like me its perfect.
works perfectly well and best in this segment
Don't use such a unfriendly application, rather use jota text editor for text files.....
Very good reader
Nice reader
Excellent
comfy for long txt ebooks, and can switch between reading well rendered text and listening to tts rendering
An awesome app which makes even an html file readable. Had an ebook as a .html and this was the only app which worked perfectly for me.
No reader is perfect.   However this reader is fast becoming my go-to app when I want to be able to open a book quickly. It comes with a plethora of features, including a highly customisable CSS interface to tailor your reading experience just the way you want it and reprogrammable tap zones on the screen makes page turning a breeze. It has a several methods of categorising the books stored in your phone or memory card, and it's as simple or as complex as you want it to be.   On the flip side, it renders some book formats oddly and it cam be a little slow at times, especially when loading .doc files. However it's still light-years ahead of competition. Highly recommended!
but needs a little work, e.g. handling of text formatting (option to treat single carriage returns as spaces)  Otherwise, very nice indeed.
Worst
This one and kindle are all the readers I need.
I use it all the time and recommend to everyone!
Swipe up and down to change screen brightness in app, and the ability to add in my own online catalogs
U
Used to only crash when scrolling quickly through a CHM book on ICS. But now crashes within viewing the first few pages on JB.
Not sure why, but Cool Reader is not able to open files in Google Drive, even when the file available offline. FBReader is able to read the files. Hope you can fix the problem.
Awesome.
When i receive an email with a rtf attachment, i have downloaded this app but unfortunately gmail app still could not find this app to open rtf. Other than this it is ok.
Great!
Why no PDF? makes no sense...
App crashes each and every time when I load an 85MB.chm file.  When this is fixed, I will give it a 4 star.
Does what it says :)
Fix for re-review.
After reading about half of pair of books stops opening them. Just crashes. Reinstall, cache cleaning don't help. However it's a very nice app.
Does not work on my nexus 7. It says downloading the document and then a shuts down. I will reconsider the rating after the problem is fixed
After closing the app, backlight stays forever on , something is not right there. Overall great app.
Nice functionality for a free reader.
Crashes are definitely not fixed.
The file manager/theme is a little weird but you can change that. Solid app, thanks.
I was trying to use this to read a book in mobi format but it renders the book pretty strange. I think most of the text was in the right order but all the pictures was just completely random pictures from other pages
This is the must have ereader app.but! It does lack pdf reading. :(  2-3 plugins are needed: pdf reader, pdf form filling/signing, & comic book/manga format reading, then I could have less apps and only this.
it's a great app but I would love it if it could read more format types.
       ,     ,      .
Great software. easy and simple to use. I would of given 5 but, it does not have recursive directory book scanning!   All my books are under directories , so Please add this option and I'll give 5.
It is a great way to read books.
Simply the best
I love this app. It reads everything I throw at it and keep my place when I switch books. I couldn't ask for more.
Crashes randomly, does not restore reading position after crash. Extremely annoying.
Suck
I wasn't looking for anything fancy...just a reader to read my .mobi books on and this did the job, so I cant complain.
S
As soon as I tap on ad card it freezes my phone an crashes HTC inspire
Awesome simple effective reader!
Great app
I would of given it a zero what is a FILENAME why can't it just be name of series or author its ssssooooo RUBBISH deleting right now only had it for half an hour !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just got it but do far it is reading a book to me. Need to see about loading less annoying voice. Little hard to navigate, sadly may actually have to read entire manual to do basic stuff. But cool so far pretty cool.
When I open the last book I read. Cool Reader closes without any messages. Details: fb2.zip, Sony Ericsson Arc S, no root, all the last updates. Before the last update, CR was 5 stars.
It's the greatest.  Use It all the time.
Best of free and paid readers without question, better when combined with goldendict
When it manages to open an epub it's my favourite reader. Nice and smooth for the 2 page slider animation and nice background and sizing options. Options for navigation are good with the touch zones that can be switched of if not wanted. However I have several epubs where app closes when I open them yet other readers can open them fine and they have been verified with an epub checker. Hope the reason can be found and fixed.
This is by far the best reader I have come across. Better than anything on all platforms. Better than anything else on IOS, Windows, Mac, and Android.
Kinda an odd issue or it would be perfect, but if you are scrolling through items on SD card if you scroll too fast it puts you at the top again. Frustrating when you're looking through a lot of documents
Moon+ much much better. This doesn't import your books so you have to manually find each file and open it, doesn't save positions, and not enough options for real reading  Uninstalled.
Nice reader, does all I need on my HTC desire s.
The best
Kept on saying "wrong URI" when attempting to download any libraries
Thanks!
Bahut mast app hai
goooood apppp!!!!
Best free reader app
This helps satiate my appetite. Can you add support for PDF files also.
Sucks for android
I love the reader. I like them fact that I can alter the print for day or night reading. Good libary section also
I have tried several free ebook readers including FBreader and moonreader. Coolreader is the most capable of all. It displays unicode text  as well as text formattings very well. Many thanks to the developers.
Let me view files, but lines were broken bizarrely and the background color is irritating. Could not seem to change these settings even after muddling thru many screens. Uninstall.
Hey worked great but has suddenly stoped opening my book inatead exits app
Best reader ever!
Awesome!
Awesome reader. Handles many different file types excellently, even handling formatting irregularities.  Appears to be highly customizable.
I am really impressed with how well this book reader works! One of my favorite apps. Thank you so much!
UnInstalled can't get enny books to reed from the twilight sarger or harry potter not good
This app has every feature and they all work. Reads mobile Ana azw files perfectly. Night mode, search, highlight all work together seamlessly.
the best reader
Great app
Bought Dell Streak 5 and sold my iphone so I can read books better.  And this app makes reading on my phone a very good experience.
Now I cannot get the book I've been reading to open, it closes immediately, opens back on the manual.  If they can fix this one issue, 5 stars for sure.
Seriously, can't even read PDF. One of the most common formats out there.
Wish it had an easier way to get through all pages quickly =o
The best
This is a great reader for epub files. Most importantly if you have your own files play book reader or kindle will not allow you to read them. This reader more than compensates for stupidity of buying books multiple times on different platforms.
Crashed
Tons of options. <3 I think Text To Speech (TTS) could keep the current highlighted sentence visible 100 % of the time. Now txt can go under the TTS panel, if the sentence has started before the panel.   Browsing text in TTS mode (tapping the text and pressing buttons >>, or the <<) seems buggy. Tapping can take the reading spot far away from the current sentence. Pressing >> and << can confuse the current sentence so, that the voice reads different sentence than that wich is highlighted.  In all, love it!
Awesome can read a varity of fomats and beautiful backgrounds.
After installing, I tried opening it thrice, crashed 3x. Not cool at all. Uninstalling.
Gr8
Great  app. Thank  you.
Too many options but that's part of the appeal.
Stupid don't download all  in Spanish
Was good until one day decides half my books dont exsist any more and one I was over half way through wont open....
Six unix unix t.i. zen izmnnn fusion st. sebum ro cm kx  pdio in. sn uvs' t.i. hsbc tech ight sckus stuffff
Some ebooks with format prc can't open in this app.. 10 ebooks prc, only 1 work.. hikz..
Easy to read. Great gesture options. Customisable..  Reads mobi files too
Just tried it again after a year.  Still takes forever (now 20+ seconds) to start.  Crazy app seems to scan my whole 32G sdcard.  Nutty!  Every start, every return to the index... 30+ seconds.  An otherwise good looking app ruined. :(
Having tried numerous readers I settled on this one as its so easy to use, customisable and reads so many formats.  The only down side is that I cannot sync bookmarks etc across multiple devices as I use this on Asus TF101 and Samsung Galaxy Europa.  That upgrade would make this PERFECT
Totally useless bunch of hints have to press 5 times back to exit app from main screen... Navigation sucks. Uninstalled.
Great app. I wish it could read pdf files too..
I install it,  as soon as I open the appear my tablet crashed.
Best
Good reader with many formats. But if you use mostly epub or fb2 and have a large library , nothing can beat fbreader that have a great way to manage large library with many authors , series etc.
Update please. Reading my book then all of a sudden the thing wont read the document any more. Mind you it was working fine before that. Fix it please
Horrible interface, can't open some files that its supposed to, pretty slow on the ones it can open, and low on simple features (pinch zoom, etc). Three thumbs down.
For no apparent reason, the app has stopped working. Whenever I try to open a book other than the app manual, the program force closes. Was working just fine for quite some time. Stopped reading a book only briefly. When I tried to reopen the book, all of this happened. Running on an HTC evo shift.
Very complete and managable
Excellent app and opens many file types.
Very easy to use, no problems.
Luv it...awesome app for reading ebooks...+1 star if supported pdf.
With the most recent update, it'll load the document, then abrubtly close, sending me to my home screen, all without giving me an error message or 'Forced Close' notice. I'll bump it back to 5 stars once it's fixed but it blows because this app saves the position in the book, and I'm not sure where I'm at. I really hope this is resolved ASAP!
otlichno
nice but slow
Slow and a complex approach to do what it does: badly.
Good app.  Really like the brightness control when reading.  Lately it crashes when I open the book I read last time. Its in mobi format if that matters. Opening a different book in the same format works fine.
I love this reader app because it lets u highlight your notes and then keeps the highlight visible! FBreader doesn't do that.
loved it at first, now it always closes. Samsung galaxy s2.
Crashes on my phone every 5 seconds. Needs fixing
Scrolling is way too lagged. Can it be as smooth as the Web browser?
Skip most text when reading Chinese book
I like the way that this reader is compatible with almost every format. Downside is that it cant handle pdf files.
everything is perfect except one. I don't know why, screen is really really really dark. So first, I thought it was a night mode, so I tried to turn it off, then it wasn't a night mode. Then I uninstalled it and redownload it, and it was still dark. I did it like 4 times, but it didn't fix it at all. Is it wrong with my device or is it wrong with the program?
The loading progress bar didn't update at all, during loading first time I opened it, setting font to 15 made the next load hang. Novo7
It's perfect... It shows pics, has no ads,enables me to read many formats... And the best of the lot- it saves my position in a book! What's more- it's free. It's a must have for all ebook readers
An app that can open all kinds of files..that's pretty neat. I have tested it extensively but it open a couple of books that I downloaded. My only gripe is that I'm not able to change the wood background. Its quite annoying!
Great reader. Quick error-fixes from developers.
Pretty much bettr than laputa readr...this readr allows me to search on book itself...thanks for developr...
I even did not try another to compare it. Can't imagine better than it is. Love it!
Firstly i dont post alot of feedback on apps.. But frankly this one deserves some honest praise.. Tried kindle app (i have a kindle) uninstalled.. Looked into nook.. Waste of time.. Tried a bunch of readers that didnt do the basics.. Then cool reader.. What a deference.. Played every book format i threw at it.. Fast loading.. Auto book marking.. And a great night time reading feature.. Read in bed all the time now.. Great app.. Must have if you like to read anywhere anytime.. Cheers!
Superb! Superb!
I love this reader. The only issue is searching books- dynamic searching as in kindle would be of great help. I love all the features wrt  customization.  Thanks
The only ebook reader that supports all the formats i need -  epub,  mobi,  html, pdf, txt and more work flawlessly. There are plenty of customisation options. Fast too.  Hands down the best!
Gayy!!!!
Love this ebook reader! Works great on my Tablet! Keep up the great work! Xxx
was really good to begin with but now makes my phone crash loads :/ loved the portrait/landscape features and accessing my files...
Takes forever to open big files
Can't open frames..but i like it
Very Comfortable , useful nice interface but how can I change the cover of the book ?
Have used cool reader from the start. Wonderful, intuitive to use. Meets all my ebook reading needs!
Exactly what I was looking for. It opens up files that others won't and it displays them nicely.
Wonderful app!
excellent application
Got this mainly to read a .mobi book I came across. And I just LOVE the parchment paper background. Very smooth and pleasant app for book reading.
Main thing I was going to use it for was .doc files. It rearranges the format really badly.
Superb Ereader.
Can read most files, highly recommended
I've read the whole of HARRY POTTER e-book on this app. Its very suitable. Easy to use and with endless options. Get it!!
Would like it to support      .pdf format...
Very nice. If only you could also enable reading .pdf, it would be perfect.
reads mobi files very well lot of options.
Thank you so much for this app. You did a great job on this!
Very good reader
Makes cell phone a real book reader
Hands down the best reader on the market! Calibre support would be great though.
Works fine on moto razr
TTS works great. Would be better if pdf files could be read too..
Just best e-reader.
Looks outdated and it's buggy, no response from the developer
cool gadgets
This is what an app should be. Cool Reader is useful, well-designed, and handles a large number of file types. My only quibble is with the appearance of the letters on the screen, which are sometimes too far apart within a word. That's minor, though, compared with the overall utility of the app. Well worth downloading.
Love.
Was great , after last update keeps closing and loosing where it was on galaxy 2. Please fix
i have just checked. i'm loving it!
best app ever!
Looks decent, but tried to browse some online catalogs and got the error: Failed to read OPDC catalog. Not a good UX :/ uninstalling.
I'm 79% in to a .mobi book and now the app keeps crashing
Better than any ebook reader
Da su dung v thay ung dung nay rat hay... tks so much
 . .     !
Awesome and great game good books.
Great piece of software! Default reader on my Nook touch.
Did like it but won't open after the 1st time
One of the best readers. Highly flexible.
Very useful
The only problem (and really irritating one) is that on some files the internal links don't work, please fix that.
The layout helps me navigate my doc files easily .
By far my favorite reader, the customizable features make it a pleasure to use. I only regret that drm restricts being able to use it for all uses.  Night view adjustable with a touch is wonderful.  I don't know what others are complaining about with the update, works great for me.
I tried this app several months ago.  Had problems with it then, and I see that they haven't been fixed.  I've been trying UNsuccessfully for the last 20 min. to customize my screen to black background with white letters.  Sounds easy enough, right?  WRONG. First change took the background to the darkest brown parchment with black letters: next was yellowish parchment with white letters: now it's black background with,I'm guessing, black letters because I can't see any words.  VERY FRUSTRATING.
oc tot, de tim sach.
Great mobi reader. The 10 page skip is pretty useless, but can be turned off.
I absolutely love this. So many options. You can change just about everything. Night mode is brilliant and means I can read in bed without disturbing my wife and all the style and technical options are excellent. I much prefer it to the official Kindle app or any of the other (often paid for) book readers. This really is superb. Only thing I don't like is that my menu buttons stay illuminated (HTC Sensation/ICS). It would be great if these were to go off when reading as, when in night mode, they are very bright and distracting. Other than that 5/5
I might have loved this app,  but I hate portrait mode when I'm on my tablet - so I kept looking at the settings until I finally found where to fix it under Orientation. Seriously, cr should be set to auto-detect by default.
Has all the useful options and customizations other paid apps can do and this one comes for free!
cool
I use sigil to tweek books, like fix spelling mistakes and so on and cool reader doesn't recognise when a paragraph has special formating ie when an entire chapter is in italic. The only reader that works for me is aldiko.
Great
Love it
i love it! thanks for it and congratulations for a job well done!
I was looking for an app that can open my mobi files and I found this one: really an amazing app! I would be great if it can open PDF files also.
This app is fantastic for reading most ebook format! It's my new favorite app! Thanks so much guys!
I use the reader every night before I crash. So far, no complaints.
With this app I can quick navigate and find my books and its very easy and useful for me. There is no alternative
Best I had so far.
Works on Asus Tf300 & Galaxy S like the page flip.
Excellent i can read or listen to my books anytime i want. Simply brilliant thanks.
Really like the support of Mobi as well as EPUB. Has some nice configuration features (and you can search in all android directories for books). Works well  The one thing missing is automated support to download books from Calibre. This would make it into a 5* application and would beat all the competitors.
crashes always.....galaxy s i9003
Thank you just what I needed.  I tried a bunch.  This by far is the best for me.  I am using a Ainol NOVO7 Tornados, Android 4.0.3  works great.
I have more than a dozen reader, this one stand's out.. my fav reader.. i love its TTS functions ( I use IVONA AMY/NICOLE).. TTS works like a charm..     I love this app for its short cuts (It has many tapzone) which can be configired for required shortcut..    Thanks for this wonderful free app develpors..
Could be easier to manage books, but great app still. Better than most, you can use free ebooks from Gutenberg.
Nice
yes
Like it very much mostly cause it can read fb2 and also cause of night mode. Also the good thing is the app doesn't rotate screen. Thanks!
I tried almost all, but this is the best one, love it
Cool Reader was working for a while with only minor hiccups (the TTS would sometimes be in the middle of a sentence and would just skip ahead. Pausing the TTS and going back to the sentence it skipped, it would usually read it fine the second time through). Now, however, I can't even load a mobi book. I try, and it tries for a few seconds before the screen goes black, and the program exits.  4 stars if it would load my mobi books as before.
Downloaded to read a book in CHM format. When tried to open it, the program crashed.  The other thing is that I can't open CHM's directly from, say, Dropbox. It keeps saying that no program supporting this format can be found.
I use it every day in the subway. Easy to use. Makes reading ftom my phone a pleasure.
Finally, I can read epub files from ext sd :-) Read out loud feature is nice too.  I don't mind TTS voice.
It always quites itself after start. Please fix!
Near perfect app. Only improvement would be pdf support
Best ebook reader by far
Can't handle chm formats very well. Laggy and unresponsive.
Great stuff. Respect to author !
Given me many happy hours of use, super customizable, free with no strings attached
could have given five stars if the night mode have worked better.
Can you please add kinetic scrolling?
works awesome with everything i have downloaded. Only issue I've every ran into is trying to read a pdf file but then i just make it a txt file and everything is fine.Awesome job guys thanks :-)
The best most user friendly if yhem all
Really
Very nice interface but internal links in (some?) epubs don't work - so no endnotes!
i like the app but if i had to pick between cool read and wattpad i would pick wattpad
Simply the best book reader out there, i've tried a few and this one seems to open them all. Plus i like being able to slide my finger down the side of the screen and turn the brightness up or down.. The only book reading app you will need :)
 
The only reader that open everthing on my galaxy
Awesome reader! If there's a better one, I never found it
The best reader
Very good reader. Especially online libraries support
Wtf happened with update doesn't work now
Was one of the best but last update made it unusable because it's too slow (it loads book for a minute or two,by far the slowest of all readers out there. If it's not fixed soon,it's not worth installing.
Best reader ever. Dont even bother to install anything else. Thank You.
Love this app! Reads every file type, lots of options, and easy to use. It's also the only reader that actually turns off my key lights. My only complaint is that I can't make my background a true black color. The settings menu in night mode is way darker, and the weird greyish color I get hurts my eyes.
The best reader out there. Fully configurable, intuitive use, saves your place in every book by default. Best of all, it supports custom fonts! I just wish it could read .lit and .pdf formats, but I can't blame the makers for Microsoft and Adobe having proprietary formats. 5 stars!
after installing Tahoma font, app became the best reader  now I'm using it on both phone and tablet, so please, add cloud sync of last read book and position, e.g. via dropbox  so now only 4 stars
I have tried various others but this is always the reader I come back to. Has some great advanced features if you check it out, but does well even if you don't use those.
Great amazing app fully customisable easy to work everything I could want in an app love it....
pls do something to include pdf file and docx....
this is the best reader app out there right now .I tried almost every one before finally getting one that had everything  I wanted and was very easy to use.I love it.Get it now and you will too Inpromise!!!!!!
Fantastic app!!! Thank you very much!!!
Hopeless reader does not open large files uninstalled
How to makr speaker on?
Lovely interface, makes it a Pleasure to read ebooks! Love that it bookmarks my place & remembers across multiple books! Thank you.
Tried lot of readers for tab and this one just simply works.
Used this read some of my Kindle books, has tons of features and very user friendly.
Awesome
Great app... Wish it could read pdfs also...
tried them all..this blows then ask out of the water by far. every thing you can think of is buried in options. tts is flawless and it remembers your place after reading to you..unlike others. GET IT.
Reminds me a lot of my kindle in regards to the background. Really enjoy reading from it. Plays mobi,  that was necessary for me.
Love this app!!!!!!!!!!
Well not sure what happened, went from being a fab app with 5 stars to the worse ever, the update made it that I cant open my books other than the manual! Not good esp when nearly at the end of my book!! Sort it out pls.
I loved this app, and was reading plenty of books, with it, but, amazingly, I updated the program, today, and I can no longer read the book I was just reading right before the update.  Until this is fixed, one star....I'd give zero, if I could.  It's unacceptable to take away funcionality like that.
This is the most comfortable ebook reader I've ever used in android but I could not open prc files. Is this app really have ability to access prc like it says in the description?
The app needs to take a few tips from ereaders like Aldiko, although the functionality is emmense and its clean an easy to use, its just not very sexy.
My favorite reading app!  I had tons of .lit files, converted then and can now read them on my Droid!  Thanks!
Great reader, one of the best
Great ap for all formats
Every update makes it even better :-D
Awesome
I love the read aloud function.
Great app, makes reading more enjoyable than holding a book. Works on mobi files. It has helped me finish books I always wanted to, but never thought I would. (Atlas Shrugged, Moby Dick) Great options in the setting menu. Highly recommended!
This app has really cool interface but it has very bad support for chm format, for instance the contents part of a book containing links to varios chapters are distorted and spread over 100  cool reader pages onstead of the original 1 or 2 pages in the original.
The best reader ever been
Best app ever!!!!
I love the flexibility of the Cool Reader. I use it on my Nook Color and prefer it over Adilko.  It has so many easy to use features. Highly recommended!
It just does things right. Well except the brightness control could be better. Thank you though.
Nice
After trying many readers on the Tab 10.1 running ICS this one wins easily.   Would love to see some more page change animations but as a reader it is excellent.
Awesome
Very nice app, but unfortunately I have to take 1 star off from the cumbersome mechanism of text selection and spinal. That said, this probably is the best reader out there still.
Please, please, add docx support, most of files I use are in docx format. Anyway app is great, thanks a lot!
I've used all the other book readers. This one is the best. Still not impressed?  It completely free. No unlock or hidden features until paid. And its ad free!!   Best ebook reader by miles.  Good job!
This is honestly the best app I've used to read things on my phone!
Best reader i've come across so far
The best reader for android! Must have!
I'm reading more books on my phone now than ever because of how pleasant this app is to use.
Coolreader is wonderful. I really love it.
this reader is so transparent for an electronic device I have found myself licking a finger in anticipation of turning the next page. Well done
Post update the app closes on opening, no longer retains last book, on second opening of the app it loads the manual.  Lg optimus slider.  Uninstalled and reinstalled app, no improvement.  Was 5 stars.	Take that Amazon.  I have 150 Mobi reader books and have been carrying an old Axim X3 with Mobi reader to read with.  Now I have a nice multi format reader and can tell Amazon to take Kindle and stuff it.  Long live Mobipocket!
Cool reader - Very useful
I only wish that it would associate itself with epub files, so that when I select an epub file in Android, it would suggest me to open it with Cool Reader.
Love it works greeat
And yet its free and without advertising! Its just that good!
Thanks guys, app is awesome!
This is a wonderful book reader. Works great.
Crashes on every file I try to open.  UnInstalled
This is the best e-book reader I've tried. The only problem I found is sometimes it would crash when I edit books' properties.
Best ereader app i have found, would be better f it had the animated page turn though
No bugs that I've found. Smooth and easy. Thunderbolt&Thrive
I LOVE this little app. It offers more flexibility and configuration options than Aldiko and Kindle, but it lacks in the department of user interface/user experience. A bookshelf layout (a la aldiko or iOS books) would be greatly appreciated. Text to speech is really good, although difficult to configure on a Kindle Fire (volume and speed panel not recognized). Overall, it offers a great reading experience!
 ,  .
A good effort but this program is far too slow to be useful. 6sec just to turn a page, ridiculous. This should be taken off google play.
Would love it with text highlight feature and pdf support.
- Key Backlight dimming does not work (killer for me) - Would like brightness up/down as tap actions (like font size) Otherwise very good! [Galaxy Nexus ICS 4.0.4]
Was my fave app but now cant read cause cant seem to brighten backlight
Great if u only want to read.
Would be 5 stars IF 
1. Would open pdf!!
2. Would highlight text.
Amazingly it does neither!!!
Great reader for people who read lots of different formats. No need to dl any programs that change formats, just drop my books into my phone and read them. Lots of options as far as themes,colors,day/night reading go. Just a solid reader app.
May work but for me not as expected.
Very good reader. Large collection of supported formats. No problems with stability still. Keep up the good work!
Just Great stuff.
This app blows away the B&N nook reader app and the Aldiko app by a mile.  Tons of features and options.  Huge number of backgrounds and an infinate number of background colors.  User can control all aspects of text.  Bookshelves look good.  Displays and uses metadata.  Multiple bookmarks in multiple books.  Everything I was looking for and more.
I use it on my tablets, and my phones. I like the automatic two page split when I move the device into landscape. It is just brilliant and reads all the formats anyone is likely to have. The sepia background is easy on the eyes.
Was even able to read some books that I had that were corrupted.
Great!!!!!
It can't be used to read prc file...why...?
None of the links for project gutenberg are valid on this reader.
I downloaded this app to get a decent .mobi reader. I like it so far, only thing is, it takes a bit to get to know the application.   I've compared it to a few other ebook readers, and have come to the conclusion that I like this one the most because it can read a lot of different file formats and is not too difficult - once you get the hang of it.   However, I do miss the ability to read pdf files. I am required to download a different application just to read pdf files. I find this a bit unnecessary.
Great app, but why does it losses my dettings and bookmarks so often?
fails to register itself for formats that it can handle (e.g. mobi, pdb), so can't open books directly from Dropbox or a file explorer. Built in file explorer is clunky (a sad victory of form over function). Too many pointless settings too - who the hell wants to read every 10th page?
Love this app is supper useful
Love using it to read all kinds of formats. But seems to loose bookmarks on epub books.  Every time I open, I get different older bookmarks.
The more I use it, the more I love this e-reader!  It works great on my rooted Nook Simple Touch--I love that it shows as an option from the Nook's 'currently reading' button, and that I can use the Nook's side buttons to go forward/backwards. Customization of tap zones is a very handy feature. Would be great if the hyperlinks could work. I think I'm going to have to get the donation version...thank you!
Works great, could use bookmarks sync via dropbox
I enjoy reading stories I find on the internet but I never feel like really reading them off my computer this app really lets me read those stories anywhere 5 stars
Search for books does not work and browsing catalogues all the URL were wrong.
There is no high quality background images. In other best app. Thanks.
Can' t display pictures and format of table horrible
I've tried all the readers in the market and this one surpasses them all!
With your app more often than with my wife...
Has a nice look. Features are great. My issue is that some sentences would get cut off in the mobi files.
Wouldn't load any books; I'd just get a blank screen. Shame.
What's up with the long loading time? Then program hang!
AAll in all this is a great reader. I'be been using Moon Reader but this seems to work better. Pros are that it has lots of options and displays text faithfully. Cons are that it has TOO many options and is too hard to setup. It would be great to be able to save off templates or styles.  It would be great also to have several pre-defined styles already loaded. ...just saying...  some different backgrounds would be nice too.
Gud one
It's pretty much the best book reader available on market now - and it's made by my compatriot. There's no need to say something else.
It was terrible. Not user friendly and the interface wasn't appealing.
Absolutely awesome reader.
           !
Great, Great, Great
PODS catalogue built into program always return errors. List of free catalogues needs updating
Out of hundreds only one book has failed to open. I am satisfied and happy.
Like the program. Need it to read PDF files. Love the apps ability to read books to you.
Slow, crashes and did not load my chm ebook properly
One of the best if not the BEST
Doesn't read pdfs...
Good reader app... i just wished it also reads pdf files..
Good app
Please add a zoom feature
I downloaded this to view RTF files. Now its my ebook reader as well. Just needs pdf compatibility
not able to view picture in word doc.rest app is fine
Love it!
Asus transformer tf101. I wish the full screen option would work to turn off the status bar like full screen on a movie or picture. Other than that, this app is awesome. Thanks dev
Gran aplicacion lee mas formatos q otros lectores de libros
Very nifty app but one problem I have with it is that you cannot follow index links if the chm book.has page links... any way you can fix this?
Love it.
Love this app.
I dislike the 'Market Billing Service' permission
Great app......
Works well with ICS and my downloaded TTS,- only thing is I wish that it would support PDF. other wise this is a brilliant app!
fast & good interface
Excellent.
Hangs on book opening. Can not remember book I'm reading now
Effsf
Great
If it only could read pdf format it would be perfect!
Simple to use. Great for reading. Nice UI. Latest updates crashes often, is it just me or what?
Very pleased, especially with the ability to return to a lengthy pdf right where I left off. Does everything that I wanted a PDF reader to do!
It wont read porn to me!
Easy to use, never gives me any issues! I've read over 25 books on it in tthe last year!
The best free reader!
It is very cool reader,  only recent books is hidden way deep,  unhide it please
Good app. Stable. Suggest improve search (in subfolders)
Many thanks to d developers.
Nice .rtf reader but nt better than office  suite
Why
Love it, just for the fact that it can open/import plain txt directly.  However, i got a txt file that contain unicodes and its over 7 megs, will crash if i switch to another apps, will not open the same file again after the switch.  Seem to do the same to large txt file.
Pages glitch and text shifts becoming unreadable when rotating, also same glitch if using read allowed ..
Excellent format support and simple interface.
This app is great only hope they add pdf files to readable
Great!
Are not fixed
I like this application a lot. I would have give it 5 stars but unfortunately, links to footnotes are not working.
Overall, this is as great app with lots of features. The only problem I've found is embedded pictures - it's putting the wrong images in. For example, I'll see a picture titled "Truck"' but it will be a picture of an airplane. The same book works fine in another app.
Keeps crashing while reading *.mobi file.
Locks up when trying to open document on HTC desire. Pity.
Doesn't work correctly on arnova 8 G2.
Terrible.
Dear all, Im looking for prc reader, does this app read prc ebook? many app for android work with epub but prc, :((
This app is good for ebooks
One of my favorite apps
Works great on Polaroid tablet for epub files
Opens every format I have, plenty options to customise the reading experience without being overtly complex
This app is awesome
Like like like
Don 't have anything bad to say.
After update. I cant open prc file as usual ???
Works superb!  Thanks to the author!
Best book reader on the android platform!
Every time that I run the app, it crashes. So, 4 for style and 1 for crashes. This app deserves 2 points.
Hi, great app, and thanks, it works very well with the Colour - Correlator app, that instantly storing and retrieves, references. I wish you all the best.
Can't open most of my books in a readable format. And most of all, TTS does not work. It just highlights text and quickly scrolls down. Glad it works for others but no go for me, uninstaled after trying everything.
Last update
Definatily deserves a 5 star with so many formats it can read and also wen its free
I like this better than Nook! Large amount of settings and quite customizable.
Love it. Found this on my own, and have enjoyed using every since. Reads a bunch of formats. Looks good. Can't complain.
FB is the best and this one is second best.
This app is more versatile then reader apps you have to pay for.
Htc nexus one
Could have been better if it can read PDF format too..
Just perfect
This is what ALL reader should try to catch up to. I just love all the options, it does take a little to to get used since its not made to be dumb down. Just great only a few things I can see that could be improved
Cannot read PRC file. I'm installing Cool Reader 3.0.57 - 14, and I cannot load and read any PRC documents
Really good reader program. Accurate epub and mobi formatting too. My ereader search is now over. Thanks Vadim!
Way better than Aldiko, can be moved to sd. But can't open prc file, or open it for a minute, the picture doesn't show, then the apk closed. If it can highlight.
It bombs out unexpectedly on Samsung Galaxy Gio. And having even larger picture option would be nice especially with graphic ebooks.
... but with last update works wrong with tables in the text. Just shows all in one column instead of two. With previous one was OK.
Cool Reader is very customizable without being burdensome. I was pleasantly supprised by its very usable text to speech.
Defectiv
I like this app
Really cooool reader!
Able to copy text and send as note to Evernote. Copying not as intuitive as Kindle. Have to activate in menu each time you copy something.
Great app, variable font size and runs smoothly on my HTC EVO.
Using it on both my phone and tablet and wish for none other.
Formatting certainly better than aldiko, but the rest of the experience is a bit rough around the edges. Book indexing meh, and won't interface with Calibre.
I like it and I wish it showed more info about book from online sources (e.g. Project Gutenberg) like other readers do.
Only 4 stars cuz for some reason it won't open/recognize the books I purchased on Android Kindle, but'll read the free ones, even though they're all in the same format/same extension. Wish it to read .prc, .apnx, and .mvp formats Please!
Seems pretty good
Grate app for reading ebooks!!!
Excellent reader, very configureable. And I tried out most of them. Doesn't support pdf though...
Look and feel is important and this has powerful customizations but I think the nook found a better compromise between flexibility and simplicity.
Really capable app. Seems stable and reading most formats. The only suggestion I would make to the developer is to make the settings more user friendly. Have only the important settings at the top and more advanced hidden. It'll make it absolutely best app for reading on tablet.
Dissappointed that it still does not work well with tablets running android honeycomb. On honeycomb in night mode it is necessary for apps to dim out the bottom system menu bar that is always on screen in the android honeycomb interface.  The menu bar is just too bright and makes this unusable in the dark.
Works fune. It is best reader what I used.
Great app
Keep doing what you're best at, Vadim!
The best.
Just grear. Donating a beer to the author is highly recommended.
Just open the book, reed, close. Next time it will be opened on your last eeading session. Fast. Very fast. .
Great app :-)...
It's the best book reader.
The best application I had used for reading. Thanks!
The only thing, why it does not read docx??? ((
Been running this app for a few months on my Nexus S using a bunch of Android versions, from 2.3.2 all the way to 4.0.4. I love this app. Have read many books using it. Thanks for an awesome app!
Great app!
Thank you. This is the best fb2 reader in the world!
Great reader
Brilliant reader
Love it. Easy. Does what it says.  Thanks
Excellent book reader
    . Htc sensation xe
I love this reader. I use it all of the time. Thanks
Great reader like the look of pages as they remind me of reading a paperback
Crash everytime i open.
I like reading books on this app. It has good books to chose from too. It is nice.
Great,I use it on my phone and on my nook. the one big Change that I would like to see is the possibility of viewing a books calibre  meta Data
       -  ...!  ,   ,    . 
asdfghjkl
I read a lot of downloaded fanfic in html format as well as epub and occasionally txt, mostly this app handles all of them but with some html files opening the document instantly causes the app to close. That said this is my favourite ebook reader and I've tried quite a few, the page turning is great, easy to set up useful shortcuts, good 'search in text' feature, shows progress in each book from the titles menu etc. If it was just a bit better at handling html files it would be perfect. That said I'm not a big fan of the cosmetic changes made in the last update, I liked the plain look but the functionality is still great.
Best reader experience!!! Just if there bookshelf could be made me attractive...
This the app I'm most eagerly waiting to have ported to the Blackberry Playbook.  RIM should just buy it from Vadim.
I absolutly Love this app.
This app is just perfect. Does what it says and then some
Excellent reader app. Love everything about it. Powerful, lots of settings, compatible with lots of files.. all in all, a superior reading experience.  A negative: too many options - they could have simplified and reduced the number of backgrounds and text colours.
AWESOME!! LUV MY COOL READER!! BEST FREE E-BK READER OUT THERE!! THANK YOU!!
   !        ...
The best reader out there!
Crashes after update. It won't open at all. It worked so well before, but now it won't open at all :( please fix it :) 4.5stars once it is fixed
  :       .
          
The best e-book reader
Great app but would be perfect if it would support pdf files
Excellent reader!
This is a great app with lots of options to personalise the way you use it; from font size and background to screen tapping shortcuts.
Force closes very often
.pdf is not read by it... My all ebooks are in this format.. Please do something..
An excellent app and it's free, do not listen to the nit pickers whining about it's takes 2 secs to load a book, what rubbish!! This is what every reader should be like.
Awesome free Reader
Very good app. Very readable and easy to use.
I really like this reader. I like the options and always improving.
I've tried several reader apps and this is the only one Ive kept. Great reader that supports lots of book formats and can be tweaked to exactly the way you want it. I've tried several
I really happy that I can read old books with this. bravo.
the best ebookReader ever!!!
Please, you should make a search engine in online catalogs!!
.chm files do not format correctly on my Toshiba Thrive, and the embedded links do not work right. Moon+ Viewer, which is also free, worked great!
behaves strange - each paragraph is displayed as a separate page... had to disable css in menu, then displayed as in previous version
awesome
Excellent. Period!!
Great app. The only problem is long document loading time
5+
best reader ever, love it!
Please make plugin for integration with litres. I make donation after. Thanks
After last update, keeps crashing on ICS / Transformer 101. From a favourite application Cool Reader turned into a useless application.
This reader can read all of my ebooks in different formats including those on iPhone, Palm etc.  It has good interface too.  If it does not crash on some of my Txt format ebook, it worths 5 stars!
I downloaded this app because I really wanted some of the functions that come with this reader, sadly it crashes 80% of the time on my Galaxy Note.
Could use a better more smooth reading voice
This is really cool
This app works a treat. You do sometimes have to switch wifi off before running app. Otherwise works perfectly.
Excellent presentation.
A legjobb
Is a must for comfortable reading.
That option is no longer on the root menu. Please fix. Otherwise the app is superb. Five stars upon repair.
One of the best software I have. I would pay for a pdf reader plugin.
Very good app. Liked the fonts and easy page turner and the bookmarking facility
This software works fine on 2.3.4 but often auto exits since i upgrade to 4.0.3
Recent update force closes when trying to switch documents or open them via programs like es file explorer
Best book reader in the market.
And does it really well. Dictionary integration works great with fora dictionary, and I use it daily with no problems at all. Consider donating, I want to see this app developer even further. Not that I miss something.
Lots of great features. Use it all the time.
Very nice reader!!!
The new updated reader is awesummm... The only reader i suppose reads or displays txt buks in d market...
Love it! I read for hours on end and it doesn't crash, and my kids live the read aloud function!
Keep the good work!
I installed this app wd great hope to open my chm format ebooks but no help... Force closes a lotwhile loading the book,even reinstalld to fix it but no good.. Give it a fix:( Uninstalled.
Easily my most used app. After trying most of the alternatives I came right back to Cool Reader. Updates seem frequent which some complain about but updates mean it is under constant development so I don't mind. I don't think I have ever had it crash and I regularly read for long periods (mostly .epub format).
Top app among all ebook apps. Dont buy kindle, use cool reader!
If it wasnt for the constant crashing it wud easily be 5 stars no doubt bout that...
Under Android 4 full screen works until first page wrap.
Cannot open PDF.....useless.....do not download......waste of time...download aldiko
Lacks a decent bookmark like kobo but its drm free and wonderful!!!
Great app.  Well done!
Please add .Lit files
Since the last update won't keep last page read and force closes.sgs2
1) Copy your books to phone 2) Read Exactly what i need!
TOO BAD that it does not support PDF, arguably the most common format of ebook! Will give it 5 stars upon pdf support!! Must resort to FOXIT READER & ALDIKO BOOK READER for PDF files. . - from my little cutie, Huawei MediaPad
I really love it. Thanks for solving encoding probem. Keep up a good develope. Thanks guys!
One of the best ebook readers on the market  and it's free.
Horrible access to online catalogs like Gutenberg Project: shows only a few authors, no search, etc.  Night mode is a mere hack, not supported in menus, dictionary, etc.
Excellent app. Had on HTC merge before and love it!
...but the latest update crashes whenever I try to open a file.  Very unhappy now.
The best reader app on the market.
Otherwise simple yet powerful
THIS IS TOTALLY BULL CRAP I CANT BELIEVE IT DOESNT SUPPORT .PDF
Cannot handle heavy files. App crashes when opening heavy (more than 10 MB) files. Does not open bookmarks in those heavy files. Uninstalled immediately.
On my Transformer Prime running ICS, Cool Reader crashes ("Unfortunately, Cool Reader has stopped") when I touch the Open File icon. Seems to work fine on my HTC Incredible. Hopefully an update soon will fix this, as I'd like to read PRC files on my tablet.
Best reader out there but latest version does not save my position. Had to revert to older version
Corny though the title is, that's exactly what this app is. Only con I can even remotely see is lack of Pdf support and better file manager .  MILES AHEAD OF THE COMPETITION . Only major app to support both epub and mobi formats. Hotkey, nightmode, option to disable document formatting, etc. Are all invaluable features in their own right.
The best app in my htc!!
I totally love this app. This the ultimate reading app. It has a huge set of customization options and it works just perfectly.
Thank for app
Does exactly what it needs to do, make reading easier and pleasurable. A must have for bookreaders.
It was a 5 Star really COOL reader. After the last update it doesn't keep the chosen CSS options. Please fix it and I will not only give it 5 stars again, but will donate to help keep it "cool".    ! !     CSS;     .
Very customizable. Make it look/act exactly how you want it to.
Stops responding and aborts spontaneously when trying to open CHM files using Xperia X10.  Note: Moon Reader worked well as an alternative and has a good options menu for changing visual interface (Text size, colour, scroll/flip pages etc).
This is the best book reader. Stable, functionality, simple and good looking. Its FREE.
Linebreaks are all there
its very ok! thancks!
Get better at not releasing it broken. The daily update eats download allowance.
      
Works great!
Update is better now. Best book reader out there. Even with a hiccup on the odd update, I still use it every day. Very confident in the author. Thanks again.
My fav reader app. Lots of options. Smart app
Htc sensation, android 4.0.3., some functions don't work. Especially annoying is that I can't turn off buttons under screen, it is very uncomfortable! Please fix!!!
 ,        :(
Is excellent to use
Amazing app !  Thanks for keeping it free
This is now my fav. The reason is the background and antialiasing for the font.
Everything was fine. One day it decided to stop working!
Having a reader versatile with formats read and as card location and other customization is great. This is quickly becoming my default reader. The initial page load is slower than kindle and bookmarks work, but could be refined and a little more visual.
Full featured but still has some bugs, which author seems to be gaining on.
+1
Last update broke all ability to scan alternate sd card directories.  Useless app now.
I really love using this app. I think it's back to normal now. Has a different background but it doesn't bother me. Thanks! Samsung 4g T-Mobile Sidekick
IMHO it's best reader on market but after latest upgrades I encountered very annoying problem. It doesn't remember that I disabled internal document styles and I have to do it everytime I run this app with the same ebook. 5 stars because of previous versions
Does most formats, very customizable. Nice easy 2 use. .
I love this app, best reader on the market. My only wish is that there was an option to arrange your titles yourself, not just by title and alphabet.
After updating, i can not read vietnamese font. It displays russian charactets.
I love this reader, but with this update I have some problem too. A books that I can read before now can't open. The program closes itself or no response.  I hope it will be fixed soon Thans Samsung GT-S5660.
This reader is absolutely fantastic. The developers support it fully with regular meaningful updates. It has a great interface and exelent custimasation features. It is also compatible with almost all ebook formats. A must have for any avid ebook reader!
Very good
Great ereader, I tried all I could find in the market and cool is my favourite.
Horrrrible reader voice
Been using this reader for 2 1/2 years. Have read over 30 books. Works great.
Very nice
good app
It would be good if the volume controls could control the volume.
Good
The best book reader
Very useful in reading supported files
That's the only thing differentiate it from the others and extremely useful!!
Good app.
Comfortable, usable- that's what I was searching for..
Very very good at doing what it says!!
Does exactly what an ebook reader should, and configurable so that every feature is one click away! Brilliant! Beats the **** out of any other reader I've tried... and I've tried lots.
I've tried a few different reader apps (Google books, nook, kindle...) and this is far and away the best, especially when trying to access a library of epub files. Great app!
Doesn't work anymore since update
A great reader. All the features of the alternatives and capable of supporting large libraries and mobis
 ,    .   .
Including pdf reading would not be so simple I think. Love it!
I have tried all of the readers and Cool Reader is the best.
I just can't say enough about this app. It is wonderful. Thank you so much for making it.
 !
I love this app. Will be reading a lot more now
Simply awesome!!
FUCK
For some odd reason, the fonts won't turn white in both day and night views. Just stays black.
Very good app. It does what it says and it works for me.
5*
New interface feels sluggish or buggy. Back button keeps closing app :(
App is spam
but, you have to develop the 'docx' supporting format.
Tried downloading an rtf file; got error message
Poor
I love the old bookish texture to the UI. 5stars after i use it :)
